68iz4q Isaac Asimov covering Hitchhikers guide to the galaxy, or vice versa, Douglas Adams covering Foundation
6k0p7l Lemme tell you something, as someone who has hired a lot of staff over many years.  Get something to put on your resume. 90% of what we're looking for is that someone is willing to put in effort. If you can show that you've taken free courses, and put in your own time to improve yourself and your career, you are far ahead of 90% of the resumes we receive.  The other 10% is the skills you bring to the table.
7x639l I compiled a list of all the software in this thread that got a 1000+ score (in order from top to bottom), along with a short description of each.  &amp;nbsp;  Over 1000 upvotes:  1. Google Maps: Navigation app - https://www.google.com/maps   2. Blender: 3D modeling software - https://www.blender.org/   3. VLC: Video player - https://www.videolan.org/index.html   4. The Windows Snipping Tool: Screen capture tool - https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/4027213/windows-open-snipping-tool-and-take-a-screenshot   5. Space Engine: Space exploration simulator - http://spaceengine.org/   6. Wikipedia: Online encyclopedia - https://www.wikipedia.org/   7. MuseScore: Music notation software - https://musescore.org/en   8. Audacity: Audio editing software - https://www.audacityteam.org/   9. Handbrake: video converter - https://handbrake.fr/   10. Zotero: Reference manager - https://www.zotero.org/   11. Desmos.com: Online Calculator - https://www.desmos.com/   12. Calibre: ebook manager - https://calibre-ebook.com/download   13. Notepad++: Text Editor - https://notepad-plus-plus.org/   14. stud.io: Lego simulator - https://studio.bricklink.com/v2/build/studio.page   15. Search Everything: Instant file search software - https://www.voidtools.com/   16. LaTeX: Document software - https://www.latex-project.org/   17. http://archive.org/: Contains music, movies, books, software, games, and webpages - http://archive.org/   18. Linux/Apache/Postgres/Gcc: Various Linux based OS’s, webservers, compilers, etc. - https://www.linux.org/   19. Discord: Chat and Communication software - https://discordapp.com/   20. OBS Studio: Streaming and Recording software - https://obsproject.com/   21. Krita: Digital design - https://krita.org/en/   22. R: Statistics software - https://www.r-project.org/   23. pfSense: Firewall software - https://www.pfsense.org/   24. FreeNAS: File server software - http://www.freenas.org/   25. Gimp: Digital design - https://www.gimp.org/   26. OpenSCAD: 3D Model scripting software - http://www.openscad.org/   27. This list - https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/7x639l/what_free_software_is_so_good_you_cant_believe/   28. Malwarebytes: Malware protection - https://www.malwarebytes.com/   29. Unity: Game design software - https://unity3d.com/   30. https://www.draw.io/: Online diagram software - https://www.draw.io/   31. Paint.NET: Image design - https://www.getpaint.net/   32. Draftsight: Free CAD - https://www.3ds.com/products-services/draftsight-cad-software/free-download/   33. 7Zip: File archiving - http://www.7-zip.org/   34. Plex: Media storage access - https://www.plex.tv/   35. Libre Office: Document editing suite - https://www.libreoffice.org/   36. KeePass: Password manager - https://keepass.info/   37. DaVinci Resolve: Video color correcting/editing - https://www.blackmagicdesign.com/products/davinciresolve/   38. Inkscape: Vector art software - https://inkscape.org/en/   39. Google's Apps: Google’s document suite (Docs, Sheets, Gmail, etc) - https://www.google.com/   40. Duolingo: Language learning - https://www.duolingo.com/   41. Darktable: Photo workflow a la lightroom - https://www.musicpd.org/ and https://www.darktable.org/   42. MPD/Mopidy: F/OSS music player daemon - https://www.mopidy.com/   43. Doom shareware: A classic game - a 3.5' floppy disk    &amp;nbsp;  Over 150 upvotes:  44. fxSolver/Cymath/Mathway - Math/engineering/chemistry problem solving - https://www.fxsolver.com/ and https://www.cymath.com/ and https://www.mathway.com/Algebra   45. Recuva: Restores deleted files - https://www.ccleaner.com/recuva   46. Python: A programming language for quickly writing scripts - https://www.python.org/   47. foobar2000: Freeware audio player - https://www.foobar2000.org/   48. Robin Hood: Stock trading app - https://www.robinhood.com/   49. Flux: Day/Night cycle on monitor color/brightness - https://justgetflux.com/   50. Fusion 360: Free 3D CAD/CAM design software - https://www.autodesk.com/products/fusion-360/students-teachers-educators   51. Steam: Platform for game distribution - http://store.steampowered.com/   52. Shazam: App that tells you what song is playing - https://www.shazam.com/   53. Audio Router: Sound routing - https://github.com/audiorouterdev/audio-router   54. Arduino: Open-source electronics platform (software is free) - https://www.arduino.cc/   55. LMMS: Music studio - https://lmms.io/   56. Kodi: Entertainment center software - https://kodi.tv/   57. Git: Version control system - https://git-scm.com/   58. REAPER: Audio workstation - https://www.reaper.fm/   59. Greenshot: Print screen tool - http://getgreenshot.org/   60. Irfanview: Image viewer, editor, organiser and converter - http://www.irfanview.com/   61. TeamViewer: Remote desktop software - https://www.teamviewer.us/   62. Firefox: Web browser - https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/new/   63. Alarm Clock on Cell Phones: Alarm clock on cell phones - On your cell phone   64. Wireshark: Open source packet analyze - https://www.wireshark.org/   65. Disk Fan: Visually see how much space is being used on a volume - http://www.diskspacefan.com/   66. Beyond Compare: Compare two files/directories: whole tree's and directories - https://www.scootersoftware.com/   67. VNCServer/Viewer: Remote desktop software - https://www.realvnc.com/en/connect/download/vnc/   68. Ubuntu: A Linux OS - https://www.ubuntu.com/   69. WinDirStat: Graphical disk usage analyzer - https://windirstat.net/   70. Oracle VirtualBox: Open-source hypervisor - https://www.virtualbox.org/   71. PuTTy: An all in one protocol terminal - https://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~sgtatham/putty/latest.html   72. Visual Studio Code: Code editor - https://code.visualstudio.com/   73. Reddit: This website - https://www.reddit.com/    &amp;nbsp;  EDIT: WOW! This is by far my largest post ever and my first gold; thank you!!!  &amp;nbsp;  EDIT 2: I just updated the list to include any that had over 150 upvotes (with the exception of Reddit at 145, but I thought it deserved an honorable mention!). Thanks again everyone for all the support :) 
7ym8um If you're not actually a citizen of the UK or USA, but the country your family are taking you to - what can western authorities do to help even if you do the spoon thing?
6ogsx8 Who decides whether taking a child to Check E Cheese is appropriate ise of money? Keep the government away from citizens lives.
7hhfs4 Hi, we want to make sure that if anyone in this post needs help, there are resources available. There's /r/suicidewatch where well-meaning and sympathetic people will try and help, but be aware they aren't trained. The [befrienders.org](https://www.befrienders.org/) website is a global list of local suicide help charities. Use it to find an organization in your country, you should be able to call or email them for free and they'll speak to you and try and help you without being judgmental.
7fvwff I see you've followed my mother-in-law onto the freeway.  She gets on the on-ramp, sees a car on the freeway, oh, a half mile back or so, and panics and hits the brakes. Seriously, I don't know how she hasn't caused a wreck or twelve by now.
7rb2rh I read something a little while back about an AI escaping its lab and living on the internet, and subtly manipulating things for the better as it learns about humanity.  I would really like to see that idea expanded on.
7pblps Just say "whatup fam?" Then when they get mad yell "worldstar"
5oqlz1 Drink for every fragmented sentence.
70k2ya Sorry if this ends up being long but its angered me for quite some time.  About ten years ago my mother at age 69 had a massive stroke. They didn't expect her to live let alone come out of it mostly alright. Which she did except for some vision loss in her left eye. (Not total, just peripheral.) So she can only see perfectly straight out of that eye.  So after about a year recovering from the stroke and the ensuing infection from the surgery that ended up being worse then the stroke itself she decides she wants to go get tested to see if she can retain her drivers license. (Required by law in my province of Canada).  My father was not well either as he had a long term terminal illness so I pack them both up in my truck and take them to the DMV. Me and my father happily assuming there is no fucking way in hell she will pass.   Aside from her vision issues, the amazingly quick witted and swift woman I grew up with was VERY unsure of her self at all times and took forever to make the smallest decisions. It broke my heart and it didn't even occur to me to be scared that she would get her license back.  Well she did, passed with "Flying colors" the DMV guy said. As a SAR (Search and Rescue) tech, the idea of taking him up in the helicopter and throwing him out without a rope occurred to me.  1 week later, accident number one. T-boned a poor lady as she was coming out of the grocery store. Not much damage and no injuries thankfully. Mother still refused to admit she wasn't fit to drive.  Month later, accident 2. She panics on a multi-lane cross city road and ends up on the raised median and rips the entire exhaust system off her car. Still won't admit any issues.  At this point I'm amazed I didn't have ulcers. Shortly after accident 2 my father passed away. I did everything up to and including begging to get her to give up the license. She wouldn't do it and for the next few months I spent every day with a knot in my stomach until I spoke to her around 6pm every night once she was "home from running around"   Then around 1pm I get a call from her cell phone, this phone I bought her that she mostly ignored except to charge it. I couldn't understand a word she said she was so upset on the phone. I managed to get her general location out of her and hopped in a car and more then exceeded the speed limit getting down there.  Upon arriving there are two ambulances, shoes in front of her car and its up on the curb.  She's sitting on the curb next to it bawling her eyes out and I'm terrified she's killed someone.  Turns out a man and his son were walking out of the soccer pitch next to the road, began to cross on the cross walk and she didn't see them.  She thankfully only struck the father and aside from being banged up he wasn't super seriously injured.  Because of my job I knew most of the police officers in the city so one of them offered to follow me back to her house so she could take me back down to get her car.  By the time I had done so and got back to her condo she had stopped crying. Threw me the extra set of keys to the car she had and told me to get rid of the car.  She even tried to get the DMV worker that passed her fired after that. She immediately realized she shouldn't of ever gotten it back. She was actually terrified that she had been driving like that.  Years later she still comments about how she never even saw the man and his son and how she could of killed one or both of them.  I have all the respect in the world for seniors. My mother was one of the first women CEO's in this province and was a hellcat in her day. I learned a lot from her. But I also learned to accept limitations.  If you are older reading this post. If you think for even a second that you could maybe not be the safest person to be on the road, talk to and listen to your loved ones.  Its horrible to give up that freedom, it would be more horrible for you to kill some innocent person because you are too proud to give it up.   **EDIT** Thanks for the gold mysterious stranger!
78qifg I had 2 elective classes like this in high school. One was called introduced to finance, and it was check book balancing, budgeting, income, taxes, and depreciation basically. Then I took "life choices" where you learned about renters rights, leases, planning for children and stuff like that.  They were fun classes for me, and the teachers were cool. I'm glad they were broken up into 2 classes though
78vx3u When I first got Married back in 2005, my wife asked me if I like Creamy Peanutbutter. I knew she did, so I told her "Yeah that's great!". She buys creamy peanut butter, I buy creamy peanut butter. About 3 years ago, she's doing some experiment or something with our daughter and she needed chunky peanut butter. I saw it in the pantry and exclaim "Oh chunky peanut butter, I love this stuff!" to which she responds "... You do? I've been buying Creamy peanut butter all these years because you told me that was your favorite"  So long story a little shorter, we both prefer chunky peanut butter by a large margin, but had been buying creamy for ten years because we both thought it was what the other preferred.  Reading that back, we're pretty boring people. yep :D 
74vg2v Me and my best friend since 6th grade had a running joke that once we were single we should give it a go because chances are we would end up getting married since shes the only person who puts up with my shit and visa versa   We got married last month after 5 years of dating.
6cwk3b I found my dad's will. I was on his computer while he was at work (actually  m searching for his porn) and ended up finding a strangely titled word document. At first it didn't seem like a big deal. It contained a note to each of his kids. It wasn't until I got to the last one, my youngest brother, that I realized it wasn't just a will. The start of that line read something along the lines of "If anything is going to make me change my mind now it's writing this part". I realized I had found my dad's suicide note. I was about 14 or 15 at the time and I had no idea how to go about talking to him about it.   I decided to just keep it to myself. He started buying us gifts and stuff and I would get really scared and I still just kept it to myself. I remember one day on the weekend I woke up in my bed to a loud bang coming from my dad's room. I laid there in bed for probably half an hour frozen. Once I worked up the strength I went to his room and opened the door.   He wasn't in the bedroom. I was so confused until I saw that the bedroom window was open. What had happened is that there was a gust and the wind had slammed the door shut, but my paranoid brain had heard a gunshot. After that I was laughing hysterically and I don't have much memory of the day past that.  Shortly after this incident my dad had returned most of the gifts he bought us kids and I slowly started to believe that he had changed his mind. I never confronted him about it until last year, about 14 years or so later, but I never fully accepted that he was ok now.  I called him distraught about a separate matter and he started talking to me about depression. He told me on his own about he had considered taking his life, and went in to detail about it, and all I could do was cry and tell him "I know." We talked a lot longer after that and we were finally able to put it all to rest.
7lky0y Freely giving up your personal information.  Email, name, occupation, and fingerprints for starters. These giant corporations like Facebook, Google, and Apple have it all and we willingly give it to them for the most part.
5owb46 Not Reddit. But my mother did a gangbang porn when I was 3 or 4. Accidentally found it but didn't watch it. Not a good thing to see when you're trying to fap   Edit: My top rated comment is about my mother doing porn. Thanks Reddit
62zb08 We spent 6 months of the school year going door to door selling chocolate bars to fund raise for a brand new play structure for the school. We finally got the money together, and the play structure was built. The very first day, some idiot kid fell off the thing and broke his arm, so we were all barred from using it.   Even as 9 year olds, we could see the foolishness of bureaucracy. 
7qte6c When I’m in the car alone I scream just to scream.  Sometimes it’s because of stress.  Sometimes it’s excitement.  But something boils over and *scream*.
5esn1c The Dollop.  A guy reads American History stories to his friend, a comedian. They laugh and joke about it all. It's extremely funny and amazing.
6c2ygc How much work people don't do while at work.
73iwyy  Alexey Pajitnov who designed and programmed Tetris.
6n1drb Cleopatra only had one Great-Great-Great-Great Grandfather: Ptolemy V. A normal, non-inbred person has sixty-four Great-Great-Great-Great Grandfathers. Every single one of her ancestors going back six generations and two centuries were descendants of one man.  
5p4dsl I'd leave the light on for him.
780sf3 Sleeping with other people and having to hide it.
779sy4 The fact that some birds can articulately mimic human speech. If your dog said a complete sentence to you that you could fully understand, you'd lose your shit.
5llwzm Sitting on a park bench and silently judging everyone who walks by.                 (Not a cat)
5aih71 Paycheck. Dude goes to work. The climax is him getting his check and putting it in the bank.
7ak388 Riding dragons in Skyrim.
5x2r6b [Fog Of War Eleven Lessons From The Life Of Robert S. Mcnamara](https://vimeo.com/149799416)  Using archival footage, United States Cabinet conversation recordings, and an interview of the then eighty-five-year-old Robert McNamara, The Fog of War depicts his life, from his birth during the First World War remembering the time American troops returned from Europe, to working as a World War II Whiz Kid military officer, to being the Ford Motor Company's president, to serving as Secretary of Defense for presidents Kennedy and Johnson (including his involvement in the Cuban Missile Crisis and the Vietnam War).  In a 2004 appearance at U.C. Berkeley, Errol Morris said his inspiration for the documentary derived from McNamara's book (with James G. Blight), Wilson's Ghost: Reducing the Risk of Conflict, Killing, and Catastrophe in the 21st Century (2001). Morris originally approached McNamara for an interview for an hour-long television special. That was extended multiple times and Morris decided to make a feature film. Morris interviewed McNamara for some twenty hours; the two-hour documentary comprises eleven lessons from In Retrospect: The Tragedy and Lessons of Vietnam (1995). He posits, discourses upon, and propounds the lessons in the interview that is The Fog of War. Moreover, at the U.C. Berkeley event, McNamara disagreed with Morris's interpretations in The Fog of War, yet, on completion, McNamara supplemented the original eleven lessons with an additional ten lessons; they are in The Fog of War DVD.  When asked to apply the eleven lessons from In Retrospect to the U.S. invasion of Iraq, McNamara refused, arguing that ex-secretaries of defense must not comment upon the incumbent defense secretary's policies. He suggested other people could apply the eleven lessons to the war in Iraq, but that he would not, noting that the lessons are about war in general, not a specific war.
74d777 It's finally finished! A memoir of my life written in red ink...
72y7pa Male wolves will take in and raise abandoned wolf cubs they're not related to.  I've been holding on to this otherwise useless fact for years and have finally gotten to say it!
727i3p Got sent an invoice for a donation to an Autism charity, He dedicated the donation to my Gamer Tag.
6koiqv My kids were getting the vaccinations and the whole trip there I told them that getting shots in the eyeballs was the most effective way.  They were terrified!  When we got to the doctor's office and the nurse came in with the needles, I said, "Isn't it true that getting your shots in the eyeball the most effective way to prevent future illnesses?"    She said she heard about a study they were conducting and didn't know the results.  She then looked at my kids and asked if she could give them their shots in their arms instead... You never saw kids so happy and excited to roll up their sleeves in your life.  All smiles and no tears.
5ugkwt After we graduated and both landed jobs in a city 2,000 miles away, I married my college sweetheart.  We bought a house, made plans, didn't include cancer in that plan, and I lost her after six years of marriage, and an additional 9 years of being pals, friends, best friends then dating.  Three years later I met a really amazing woman.  Smart, witty, resourceful, beautiful and passionate.  We were married a year later.  It was her first marriage (and she's older than me), but her parents, as they got to know me, respected and really appreciated my path in life.  It's be 14 wonderful years now.  I still miss my first wife, but not in a debilitating way, and my wife knows that, and respects it.  My wife appreciates that my first wife was part of what molded me into the person I am today.    Now I've been married more than twice as long as I was before I lost my first wife.  We've had our difficulties, which led us to adopt our son, who is awesome.  But both of our lives are better together and better because of where we each came from.  It's a beautiful thing.  And somehow I know that my first wife would have been really good friends with my wife if she had known her.  And my wife is really great with my first wife's extended family.  We get together often.  Yes, I hit the lottery with both sets of inlaws.
654v2q When you find someone that makes you think, "Yeah, I could let this person fucking destroy me in every way and still be okay with it."  The moment I knew I was in love with my husband (well...some backstory first): I am in the military. We were only dating at the time I went home on RAP after my tech training. I walked into his room one day and a book on his desk caught my eye (I'm an avid reader so naturally). I picked it up and the title read *I Never Told Anyone*. It's a book of writings by survivors of childhood sexual abuse. My heart felt like it exploded and I got really teary-eyed when he walked in and saw me holding it. All he said was, "I just wanted to be able to understand what you went through - the trauma - without reopening that wound." It was a decision I made then and continue to make each and everyday.   edit for format
7okcds When I was a kid, we had two dogs: a Pyrenean Shepherd, and a Labrador Retriever. The Retriever was a goofy idiot, but the Shepherd was *smart*.  One day, the Retriever gets loose (we had to tie him up in the yard because he kept chasing things and running away), and the Shepherd runs after him. We never even realized what had happened until we saw the Shepherd coming back with the Retriever, holding the would-be runaway's leash in his mouth, and leading him back to the house.   Must have been a weird sight for the neighbors. 
6nlhpg  [Jim Gordon](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jim_Gordon_%28musician%29?wprov=sfla1) was a session drummer in the 60s and 70s.  You can hear him on tons of classic rock recordings, from Steely Dan to Derek and the Dominos to Seals &amp; Crofts.  Then, due to undiagnosed schizophrenia, he killed his mother with a hammer.
75ooiy ignore all the red flags because of love.
77tsqe Ticket companies who buy out all the tickets in 10 minutes and sell them 50x the price
6rvad4 My mother has an obsession with anything green, has had a lime green ford fiesta with the license plate reading kermet and has 100s of kermet the frog items, constantly purchasing anything green and has colored her hair green. This all started when I was 11 and painted my room lime green to rebel against her... she loved it and soon painted the master room to match.   Edit: I used to work as a dog walker and saved up money to paint my room, when my mom left for a work trip she had pre-ok'd with my dad to help paint my room either a lavender and white color scheme or a blue and grey room. My mom used to be a nazi and my dad the slack one so when we went to go buy paint I immediately wanted lime green and lemon yellow. (I know god awful, I don't remember why 11 year old me wanted to rebel) My father didn't see a problem with switching colours or think he would get in shit if it wasn't pre approved by my mother. So we spent that week painting 3 walls green and one wall yellow, as well he helped me paint the base and roof trimming to paint it the opposing colour (green walls had yellow trim, yellow wall had green trim, including around the door frames) let me tell you my dad loved the bright colours so much he painted our 2 car garage the same day with those colours. Let me tell you when my mom came home she went bat shit crazy, I thought I was going to die, my dad was in the dog house for a whole week too. But my mom went along with it and started making me blankets, pillows and painted my furniture green and yellow. After this she decided with the leftover paint they were going to paint the master bedroom green. I got sick of it very quick and begged for it to be changed but I wasn't allowed, I had to live with this terrible mess I made. Later that year we had to move provinces and when my parents traded in their cars my mom went with the lime green Ford Fiesta, my father bought her Kermit seat covers because her friends said the car reminded them of Kermit the frog. After about 6 months my mom got the license plate 'Kermet' and yes spelt wrong because 'Kermit' was already taken. From then on out, everyone in our family bought my mom Kermit the frog stuff whenever they saw it and my mom keeps it in her China cabinet and around the house. The green hair came about because she's always had short hair and she bleached it to white and then put blue in it. Soon enough she tried to bleach the blue out and it became green and she loved it. Crazy hair stuck around for about 2 years but now it's brown. Also we are in Canada and no, none of the tagged ladies are my mother, but she is probably just as crazy and loveable as all of them. If I can find pictures from my childhood I will link pictures.   My mother has had many other obsessions and I believe she has some sort of addiction problem: Cow addiction-1995 painted our kitchen including fridge in cow spots Wine-1998 collected fine wine for many years Lottery-2000 constantly purchased lottery tickets Beads-2001 beading obsession making keychains and other bracelets and things Cats- my whole life she has owned 4+ cats at a time. Either Persians on Siamese  Baking-2008 my mom is a licensed chef but began loving baking almost daily including breads cakes and cookies.  Green/kermit-2011 explained above Pugs-2012 we have had 10 pugs, (along with other dogs) but have now all been given away or they have passed  Nylon bracelets-2014 making para cord nylon bracelets, dog collars and other things with it.  Colouring books-2016 yes those ones you see at Walmart. She literally has every one.   Her obsessions right now:  Bulldogs- she has 5, 1 English, 2 French, 1 half and half, 1 old English bulldog  Fish- she literally has a room of beta fish and her house has multiple other fish tanks  Plants- another room in their house is dedicated to plants, and she has a couple gardens outside and a greenhouse. She has also pawned 14 plants off to me which most I have killed.   TL;DR: My mom is easily addicted to things and I just realized it. Should I put her through an intervention. 
70tw2y I had a manager in a call center in 1999 / 2000.  She would sometimes have one on one meetings with employees in her office.  During a meeting with me she was wearing a short dress / skirt, uncrossed her legs in a way where i could see she wasn't wearing underwear and had a landing strip.  I'm pretty sure she noticed that I noticed, but I don't think she was doing it on purpose.
5w0vdq One time I told a girl I liked red plum jelly.  Next time I stayed over she had red plum jelly in the fridge.   Honestly, guys like anything that shows that you care.  We are very emotionally isolated most of the time.  
7fbg2o Princess Bride.   Westley: To the pain means the first thing you will lose will be your feet below the ankles. Then your hands at the wrists. Next your nose.    Prince Humperdinck: And then my tongue I suppose, I killed you too quickly the last time. A mistake I don’t mean to duplicate tonight.    Westley: I wasn’t finished. The next thing you will lose will be your left eye followed by your right.    Prince Humperdinck: And then my ears, I understand let’s get on with it.    Westley: Wrong! Your ears you keep and I’ll tell you why. So that every shriek of every child at seeing your hideousness will be yours to cherish. Every babe that weeps at your approach, every woman who cries out, “Dear God! What is that thing,” will echo in your perfect ears. That is what to the pain means. It means I leave you in anguish, wallowing in freakish misery forever.   Westley: It's possible, Pig, I might be bluffing. It's conceivable, you miserable, vomitous mass, that I'm only lying here because I lack the strength to stand. But, then again... perhaps I have the strength after all.  [slowly rises and points sword directly at the prince]  Westley: DROP... YOUR... SWORD!  
7r9549 By thinking of the best ways to tell your boss that you quit
7hmmkm I spent some time cleaning up bodies kinda like sunshine cleaners. There was this one house... going into the house smelled unusually normal and there wasn't signs of decay anywhere which was unusual. Then we got to the bedroom, the guy had used plastic sheets to wall off his whole room so when he killed himself it wouldn't affect the house. It got worse from there cause he tried to use a towel to keep the gunshot contained and it basically made it into a cannon. the plastic was sealed pretty well so I was able to suit up and get my mask on before going in, even with out the smell the first sight after pulling back the plastic was the most intense experience i think i will ever have. 
5rft1b They said no when I asked for a glass of water, please.
7d59cg Gonna be really low on the board here, but being a mechanic. We are constantly shit on and overlooked as competent techs. Even if I have 15yrs experience, still had guys going behind me checking work and male customers refusing to let me work on their cars. Funniest part is when the guys give me work they couldn't do and the customer asking them to double check it. Im just happy to be disabled now.. kinda. 
6bnn6v You look like 10 pounds of shit in a five pound sack.
7um3k0 Vagina/triangle is a common one.  I'm taking jiu jitsu, and my instructor tried to sign a triangle for the triangle choke.  My deaf friend and I looked at each other and cracked up.  The sign is actually fairly accurate, because when you're doing the triangle choke, the person's face is right there in your vagina.  So the sign has stuck.  We now sign the triangle choke as vagina choke.
64ij2i I always check if the shower is getting hot and has proper flow. I'll never forget living in my first student flat in a cold winter where the shower wouldn't get hot. That was beyond fucking annoying.   Also check for mold
6wtdph Worked for congressmen from both parties here. I once masturbated three hours straight while on addy in the Longworth House Ofiice Building's restroom. Maybe not seks but close enough.  Edit: I was an unpaid intern, not an actual staffer. Still, I was the one in charge of ignoring your mails, messages, and phone calls. Sorry, office policy.
6b1lci Facebook games.
7awmwe Why don't the Southerners and the Northerners like each other?
71fl6i Foodfight. I mean the icons are literally the front of the cover with the main characters just crammed in behind.
6agdax Nothing comes up, I would pay some degenerate 100$/hour to do it for me. Keep the 400$ myself.
7gvot9 China said that it will side against whomever strikes first, so now its just a waiting game to see if North Korea is dumb enough to forsake their only real ally. 
5gw14z $30,000 for marrying a guy for a green card. I was 18, broke,  and seriously considered it for a week.
6hcyxf I was at rugby practice and we were doing stretches and we were all lying on the ground and my friend has his head positioned​ close to my other friends crotch. My friend says quite loudly "it looks like you're about to suck my dick" when he realised that our coach (who is also a teacher at out school) heard him he started to apologize for swearing when our coach says "he wants a meal not a snack"
5jgohu [Microsoft Kin](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cv_N1OUD9yc)  This is going to get buried, but the [Microsoft Kin](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_Kin) was a "social" mobile phone platform launched in 2010 that was targetted towards 15 to 30 year olds. It cost over **$1 billion** and two years to produce, yet sold so poorly, it was pulled from selves within 48 days.  You can't really bomb much harder than that.  It was Microsoft's "Ballmer" era politics were to mostly blame for the Kins failure. (Too much internal competition)
7sdfos My mum let me travel to another city at 15 to meet a guy I met on yahoo chat.   15 years later we're married with three kids... but wtf mum. 
6039o7 [deleted]
70ajbf The plot of almost all romance movies. I like to use what I call "the devito rule", if a romance movie becomes a horror movie by recasting the lead man as Danny Devito, it's a shitty example of a romance movie. If it's still a sweet movie, it's really romance  Not many movies pass this test. 
5myrvl Paramedic here.  Was driving with my partner and patient in the back. Patient was fine. Patient's skeezy boyfriend was riding in the front with me and apparently saw a golden opportunity to ask a question that had obviously been on his mind for some time.   Him: So when cats and dogs eat grass, that means they have cancer, right?  Me: Ummm.  No. No it does not.   Made for an awkwardly silent ride the rest of the way. 
72bagz Mega Man by literally any other company
7ri3d6 Used to fly a small commuter plane, 19 passengers, no door behind the cockpit, also no flight attendant. It’s really loud so communicating is difficult, hand signals only kinda thing.  Just took off on a 30 minute flight and a passenger taps my shoulder, which startles the hell out of me because I can’t see him approach me and I’m hand flying.  Turns out he just needs to take a leak, ok no big deal, except we don’t have a bathroom on the plane. We do have these gel packs to use though, so I hand him one and go back to flying the airplane (no autopilot).   The flight is full and I’m not sure where I expected him to go, back to his seat maybe? No, instead I look over to the other pilot and only inches away from our face is this dudes long wrinkly dick and hairy bush that probably hasn’t been kept to in decades. As the guy is pissing in to the gel pack we hit some rough air and urine is going everywhere at this point, on the avionics, both of our uniforms, and my bag. If that wasn’t enough, the whole plane saw it.   Once he’s done he hands me the gel pack, like I’m supposed to do something with it?? Oh no buddy, I hand him some napkins and point to go back to his seat.
60tvvm How sales work. How many times can I possibly explain what buy-one-get-one is Sheryl. No your 40 dollar sweater is not free when you buy a 99 cent pin. Yes of course you can speak to my manager who will repeat what I've been saying to you for an hour.
5mnzu1 Back in my day, we used to all share a single phone at home. What if I wanted call a girl I liked you say? Well I had to call her home and ask her parents to speak with her if they answered. 
6beqev Serving size is 100g. Do you realize how easy it is to compare calories and other health measurements when every product is using the same scale?  And don't even get me started about just using metric. I was planning a party with friends and ran into a problem of converting liquid volume to weight. I started trying to estimate pounds per gallon while they just stared at me until one of them leaned in and said 1 liter is 1 kg mate.
5t9iz1 I was at work, I work in retail, and me and my coworkers heard a loud "boom". But we didn't think anything of it.  5 minutes later, an older lady who is in the store almost everyday, maybe in her 50s-60s, came up to me and said " I just drove into your building."   I looked at her, and right before I began to laugh out loud, I realized she actually did.
5wocpr They have several ideas on what to do with a drunken sailor.
5apfhl All my friends and family know that I've had a few concussions, but what they don't know is that its really affecting my brain.   I can't remember anything.  If its not written down, I will probably forget to do it.  Its always things I need to do, or stuff I need to get at the store etc, I'm not forgetting names or where I am or anything.  I also have a terrible time with getting distracted, like right now.  I used to be able to concentrate on a task for hours on end, but now I can get sidetracked so easily.  I play off my forgetfulness as a joke, but its getting worse and I'm getting scared. 
71aqe6 Clue. Many avoid it because it's based on a board game, but it is amazing
75w3ul My uncle cheated on my aunt with her brother's wife for a while about 17/18 years ago. Nobody outside of those 4 people know except me and my eldest cousin because my aunt got drunk one family reunion and told us. Everyone thinks the 2 families just hate eachother for some petty reason. What makes it worse is my aunt has a child who is turning 18 who looks nothing like his dad but strikingly similar to my other uncle. Yet nobody has ever mentioned anything and we have never brought it up.  TL;DR My cousin might be my cousin!
6iugod Related to Keanu Reeves. We have a Reeve's ohana gathering every year in Hawai'i and he never comes. Which I don't blame him at all, his dad was not a good father so I assume, besides being a busy actor, he doesn't come because that burned the bridges with our family. My dad sometimes mentions Keanu when the reunions happen, about how he doesn't visit. It's not in a bitter way or anything, just sometimes the little cousins ask. I haven't met all my family in Hawai'i yet cause I live in the mainland, but I do know at least a few people are salty about it. Other than that, my cousins look up to him and get excited when he's in a movie. Even if the kids aren't allowed to watch cause of violence they see a movie poster and look all awe-struck. So cute.
6caz2o I was out surfing in a pretty secluded spot. it was pretty flat, and no sets were coming, so my 15-year-old self thought a fap would be a good idea. Something about the ocean and the sun beaming down on my junk made that fap feel so pure and wholesome, almost religious.  While fapping though I hadn't noticed the arrival of a couple on the beach.
6m6upe I have 2 degrees and work as a lawyer. My husband never finished uni but has a job that he loves. He's a great father and husband. It doesn't really matter that I earn more than him because it's all just family money. We're both working hard and supporting each other and our kids.   Finding someone that you respect as a person is way more important than the status bullshit of degrees and cash. I'd take my husband over a hundred high earners. Just because he didn't get a piece of paper doesn't mean that he's not intelligent, and just because he doesn't earn as much doesn't mean he's not successful. Without his support I'm sure I wouldn't be where I am.   Just find someone who wants to be in your team. Forget keeping score.   [edit] thank you for the gold! All I did was marry an awesome dude! 
6u0suz Rotten tomatoes keep moviegoers away
5khsx4 God I love these. The monthly "I shouldn't read it but I'm still going to at work and still be scared shitless" thread.
7ubs3f Java and JavaScript 
65ikka Yeah, she was really worried about some of my female friends stealing me away from her.  To the point of not allowing me to interact with them.  "It's not that I don't trust you, it's that I don't trust her!"  Yeah, she cheated on me.  EDIT: Of -course- this is my highest voted comment.
69kwgf Threat level midnight 
6yewmk My favorite is a story from Gerry Spence.  For those who don't know, he is a famous trial attorney.    A witness on the stand was claiming that he had suffered injuries to his arm because of a city bus accident.  Gerry asked him to demonstrate to the jury how far he can lift up his arm after the accident.  The witness makes a feeble effort of lifting his arm.  Then Gerry asks the witness to demonstrate to the jury how far he could lift up his arm before the accident.  He lifts his arm much higher.  The jury laughs.  The case is over.   Edit: spelling.
7wxdm8 “I could beat the shit out of you” cause like 99% of the population could do that to me
7gp5wk Badmouth their spouses. Anybody who has so little respect for their own life partners makes me wonder if can they respect anybody or anything.
61fmbp When you reach a certain age, you HAVE to have children or there's something wrong with you.
68zbzf [deleted]
7svl6i A cure for tinnitus.
6paa0l We should let FIFA decide.  They've been providing unbiased decisions for decades.
6qg226 Pennies are far more useful for checking your tire treads and making souvenirs at the zoo than being used as currency. 
62syox Goodneighborstuff! Some of the best comedy sketches I've ever seen. Guess they had good reason to end though, Beck and Kyle are now full time SNL actors 
6wm0yv Selling stars in space and giving a certificate like you own that specific piece of the universe 
6pstwu He never finished his coffee, so there's always a half drunk coffee on the table. Sometimes a few if he hasn't put the mugs in the kitchen. I've asked him why, and he says it's because it gets cold too fast. Tried smaller coffees. Still does it.
70zixe character actress margo martindale
5l9pz9 I used to work for a popular pub chain here in the UK, called Wetherspoons.   I had been there three years, I had been promoted to Team Leader... I wasn't really too bothered about the job as a future, because it was only money to keep my through university, but money's money.  Anyway, one day we get a customer in, an American, who has just stepped off the plane. And all his preconceptions are off. For those not familiar with 'Spoons, a few things;  * They don't do table service. You have to order food at the bar, and pay before you get it. They'll bring it to the table and clear it away afterwards, but that's about it.  * Food is known for being 'cheap and cheerful', most of it is microwaved, bar the things that cannot be cooked in a microwave (like steak, for example)... It's not high quality gourmet dining and they don't pretend it is.  * The 'customer is always right' ethos does not exist there. They'll be polite, to a point, but if you take the piss, you won't get good service, or any at all. I've rejected more people than I can remember.  * It's primarily a drinking establishment, most people don't go there to eat, and most of the venues don't have dedicated food only areas.   Anyway, he comes in, has a seat and waits for a waiter, who obviously doesn't come (keep in mind it's not unusual for people to come in and sit and wait for friends and what not). He comes storming up to the bar, claiming he's been waiting for "a goddamn half hour". One of the bar staff, very confused, asks him "what have you been waiting for?" with 100% sincerity... The man seemed to think the bar staff was being sarcastic and rude. He started shouting. As TL, I stepped in, did the diplomatic "what's going on? Oh I'm very sorry sir, here let me take your order bla bla blah"...   He orders a steak, I can't remember what kind, but it was a steak. Now, remember earlier where I said it wasn't gourmet food? Well that extends to the steak. They offer 5 levels of cooking, but really it's basically rare, medium or burnt. He wanted his blue, which they don't do for unknown reasons... It comes out medium. He is not happy. He brings his plate up to the bar and *slams* it down onto the counter, red faced and furious... I'm paraphrasing a bit here, as it was a few years ago now, but the general jist of it went like this;  Me: "Excuse me sir, can I help you?"  Him: "You better hope you can, because I'm about to call your manager in buddy!"  Me: "Well, hopefully I can, what is it I can help you with?"  H: "This... This 'steak' burned"  M: "I'm very sorry, I'll order a replacement and give you a full refund sir" (standard op when dealing with food complaints of quality).  H: "Not good enough! I don't want another piece of shit like that, you hear me. Give me my god-damn fucking money!"  M: "Excuse me sir, there is no need to be rude, I've offered you a refund, I'm happy to do that for you, but you will not swear at me, sir".  H: "I'll swear all I want kid, that trash you served up is not a goddamn steak, and I want a full refund plus gratuity, or you can kiss your job goodbye"  M: "That is a steak presented sir, I'm sorry if it's not to your liking, but I have offered the resolution, allow me to go get your money".  H: "Hurry up about it! And that was no damn steak!"  M: "Then do you mind if I ask what you think it was, then, because it definitely wasn't a chicken" (I was pissed off at this point and the guy was a dick).  H: "GIVE ME MY GODDAMN MONEY AND GET YOUR FUCKING MANAGER YOU LITTLE SHIT! NOW! NOW!"   At this point he's reaching across the bar and pointing at me. I don't like people shouting at me. I **hate** people pointing at me.  M: "Actually, no. I won't get my manager. And I don't have to offer a refund (which is actually true, he can go to HQ and get it directly but it's a myth to say staff have to give it there and then). I was happy to give you one, but you've pissed me off now. So take your coat, and get the fuck out."   H: "You little shit, I'll call the cops"  M: "Do it. Then they can take you out for me"  This goes back and forth for a while, gathering quite a bit of attention from the other clientele.  Manager walks up, man shouts at him, manager calms him down. Man demands I be fired. I get pulled into disciplinary, manager breaks the rule (and not an unwritten one, a legitimate, company mandated rule) that says managers take our side. He says he has to let me go.  I was fired, appealed, and owned him and that dickhead so hard in the tribunal. Got payment for the 4 months I had been without a job, plus a little extra for the hassle, my record of being 'sacked' struck off my record and offered my job back.  Which I rejected.
6idfwe My dad told me he knew he wanted to marry my mom when the McDonald's opened in Moscow after the USSR crumbled and she ate 6 Big Macs in a row
5jqyr7 When I was 12, I had two cats and an enlgish mastiff. Anyways, one week I didn't practice the piano as much as I was supposed to, so I was grounded from petting or hugging both the english mastiff and any of the cats. My mom actually followed me around to make sure I didn't. I still had to take care of them though... 
7iqtbi I called it "the wolf game." I'd stand halfway between my house and the woods and howl, and see how many wolves I could get to show up.  My record was three before common sense kicked in... I should not have survived to adulthood lol.
7m2u3d I make soap.   I spent 6 years in college and got 3 degrees in math, chemistry, and chemical engineering and was hired out of school as a chemical engineer.  I do research for a large company that makes industrial chemical products, mostly detergents, sanitizers, and other types of cleaners.  Most of my research focuses on inventing new chemistry for industrial dishwashing and laundry products. My research has led to several patents and records of invention, which is cool and stuff, but at the end of the day I basically just invent better soap.
6815w5 I said Wtf is this?! And then proceeded to read about reddit on Wikipedia. (Nice job on the donations btw)
640zfn This is probably not something you want to do as a first date, more like when you are already a couple.  For my 30th birthday, I was expecting my gf to throw me a surprise party, eventhough I told her I'd rather not. So evening comes and she tells me to put on my shoes and coat, puts a blindfold on me and we get in the car. We drive for a couple of minutes, but I still recognize where we're going, it's the town's square, close to a pub which is visited pretty regularly by me and my friends. She tells me she needs to take care of something and leaves me in the car. Okay, here we go, I figured, let's make this fun, she put a lot of effort into it and I will enjoy it. But five minutes later she returns, starts the car and we drive off again. I also catch the scent of french fries. We stop a few minutes later, all quiet. She starts walking with me, soon on a dirt road. She almost falls down in a brook right next to us, trying to lead me along, making this even more hilarious. Then blindfold comes off, there's a blanket, electric candles. Nobody but us, stars and french fries. I absolutely loved this and it was a huge relief not having to greet 20 people, also knowing that I could trust her knowing what I really liked.  TLDR: thought I was having a huge 30th birthday surprise party, turned out to be a french fries picnic by night
7es84h My grandpa on my dads side was a grand Dragon in the South Carolina Klan. He died shortly after I was born, and when I was 7-8 years old there was an incident at Thanksgiving.  The entire family and a few family friends would always meet at my grandmas house for Thanksgiving dinner. Us kids would run around and play while the adults did their thing and dinner cooked.   The game was hide and seek. My grandma had this walk in closet with curtains as doors in her room, I chose to hide there, way in the back among the dusty unused clothes. It was a good spot, I had never been found there. This time, I found a dark red silk robe with a pointed hat on the same hangar. I thought it was a pretty cool hat, and it got even cooler to me when I found out it was a mask with eye holes and everything.   So I put it on and walked out into the living room to show everyone what I found. Apparently not everyone in the family knew granddad was a Klan bigshot, there was a minor riot among the family. This was 40 plus years ago and it still gets talked about among the family.
6xdd6c Latvian sounds like Lithuanian but spoken by a 2 year old. Pretty sure it works like that the other way round too.  e.g. "dragon" in Latvian is "pūkis" which to a Lithuanian sounds like "fluffy". It's really entertaining to listen to them talk.
7qkgxb Wish I had correct posture like they kept telling me to do. That shit catches up to you eventually.
7a3tfn I was playing Pokemon go when it came out, was in a park and an old junkie asked if I wanted some 'bum loving' I politely declined and got out of there
75zsqb I played with an orange kitty through a window once. That was nice. I also kicked through someone's screen because the window was open. Surprisingly no naked people so far. 
6du0vt The [Costa Concordia disaster](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Costa_Concordia_disaster).  Basically: Captain tries to impress [girl half his age](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/italy/9057729/Costa-Concordia-clothing-and-lingerie-of-Moldovan-dancer-found-in-Captain-Schettinos-cabin.html), accidentally runs cruise ship aground.  Then proceeds to run away instead of helping passengers (check out [the conversation](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2012/jan/17/costa-concordia-coastguard-captain-call) between said cowardly captain and the commander of the coast guard, telling him to "get on board, for fuck's sake!")  The final death toll was 32.
5tzgpn Kotoku Wamura, he was the japanese mayor of Fudai and predicted a tsunami would destroy the town so he build a anti-tsunami wall and floodgates. At first it was mocked and said it was just a folly but 25 years after he died a tsunami hit the town and the wall saved the city. Over 3000 people owe their lives to someone they  made fun of.   Edit: Sorry for the spelling mistakes and years confusion!
74mgdu There is a chemistry professor at the University of Illinois that for some reason had a Pokemon cookbook on his website.  http://www.scs.illinois.edu/suslick/pokemon.html
7nftpn My college roommate and I met on move-in day. I’m introverted, extremely organized, neat, and liked to study. After our parents left we sat in silence for a bit until she asked if I wanted to “walk my schedule” with her. Turns out we were both really nervous for the first week because we didn’t know where buildings or classrooms were. That first night we chatted a bit then got in our respective beds at ~8:30. We both read books for 20 minutes then said good night to each other and turned the lights off. We ended up living together all four years and this ritual of reading and saying good night to each other stuck. We were always the early to bed, early to rise pair and could study next to each other for hours without saying a peep.  When we would go out on Fridays and Saturdays, we’d always go together and always had each other’s back. If one wanted to leave, the other would leave so neither of us had to walk back alone. She was just as clean and organized so our room was always spotless and nothing was out of place. She loved to exercise and I loved to work in lab. We’d be sure to let each other know when we’d be in the gym/lab so that the other could have alone time in the dorm. We still keep in contact to this day. Best roommate for me hands down!
60fnvv The other day I got a new iPhone from AT&amp;T.  I told the salesperson I didn't want to make any changes to my account.  2 days later I get an email saying congrats on signing up for cell phone insurance for 9.99 a month.  Not once did this salesperson utter the words cellphone insurance.  If I walk into an AT&amp;T every month and steal $9.99 I would go to jail.  When a salesperson steals an extra $9.99 a month from me they call it cross-selling and don't see anything wrong with it.    
61ttf5 Feels great.  In July 2016 I was diagnosed with stage IV colorectal cancer. My oncologist gave me two or three years to live. Having an expiration date makes you appreciate every single day.
6k7zjc My Grandpa's garage. I'm not sure even how to describe the smell but something about it just makes me feel at home. 
61llo4 Colonoscopy.  People make jokes about it and it sounds crazy and uncomfortable to have a tube with a camera going several feet up your ass but the reality is that you get great IV drugs that knock you out and you wake up half an hour later or so and never experienced any of the actual procedure.  The only part about the procedure that is unpleasant is not being allowed to eat the day before and having to take medicine (drink) the day before that makes you shit your brains out until you're literally pooping out water, which is a bizarre experience.  And the whole thing could save your life when they find cancer growing silently in your intestines.  Edit to add some life pro tips: Make sure your prep drink is cold, hold your nose when you drink it, and use a straw.  Those three things should reduce the smell/taste by 95%.  Also, if you have a choice, go for a 10 am procedure and not a 7 am procedure because they generally require you to drink a final quarter or liter a few hours before the procedure and it's better to do that at 6am than 3am.  
75sa0e the character of evie in the third The Mummy film. movie wasn't that good, but replacing Rachel weizs character just didn't work
5iqnkj Ask them for a brief summary of *their* time with the company. Favorite aspects, challenges, overall experience of working there.  You'll be surprised how well received it is. Shows that you are interested, but also that you still have a decision to make. Plus people like talking about themselves.
7zhb7u Mosquitoes in an area where malaria isn't prevalent.
7fet3g I was about to complain about how my brother just had more photo albums and toys when he was little but that was it but scrolling through all of the posts scares me about these people's parents
5tek1p Trading out quarters. You can collect small change and then take to a bank to get quarters. You can also take, say, $10 and go exchange for a roll of quarters.  Why would you want to attain so many quarters, you say?  Hunting for pre 1965 quarters, that's why! Every quarter 1964 or older are made of silver, and are worth about 3.50 a piece. It's a fun little hobby that costs very little. My kids and I always enjoy sifting through quarters like a little treasure hunt 
5kq1p8 Ideal human nutrition.   What we have now is a clusterfuck of misinformation.
7nmuqt Super Metroid. My favorite game of all time that will never get old
6fyedk Hi, we want to make sure that if anyone in this post needs help, there are resources available. There's /r/suicidewatch where well-meaning and sympathetic people will try and help, but be aware they aren't trained. The [befrienders website](http://www.befrienders.org/) is a global list of local suicide help charities. Use it to find an organisation in your country, you should be able to call or email them for free and they'll speak to you and try and help you without being judgmental.
646xux Best question from my seventh grade sex Ed class:  "If I go in the bathroom and jerk off, then touch the doorknob to get out of the bathroom...then my mom touches the doorknob while going into the bathroom and fingers herself- can I get her pregnant?"  The fear in his eyes was palpable.
7ez0aq Group photos. One time I went on a whale watch tour by myself. The tour itself was fine, but there was a photographer taking pictures of all the groups as they got on the boat. When it was my turn to get on she got ready to take a picture of my group, but nobody else in line stood next to me. We just stared at each other for a second until she realize. “Uhhh, do you want a picture still.” I got the picture. Later I was buying snacks and they had the pictures displayed on a tv screen behind the snack bar. I stood by myself, surrounded by an ocean/dolfin themed border with the text: “A whale of a time with my friends”
5iua2w I am the most valuable part of my life.  If the money is lost, the girl leaves, the house burns down..I am the one who can rebuild and re-accomplish it all.  I've done it before when I was scared and new.  Also, exercise.  Keep all your shit calm and collected.
7520jn CAVE STORY. [Here's](http://www.cavestory.org/download/cave-story.php) a link to the downloads, just pick the language that suits you. It's a great game, a classic indie made by one person in his spare time over the course of five years.   EDIT: Looks like my reply blew up!. if you would  like to support the author PIXEL, please buy his relatively unknown and new game : [Kero Blaster](http://store.steampowered.com/app/292500/Kero_Blaster/) . Kero Blaster has similar aesthetics and gameplay.
5mea9h I steal food from elderly people and push them as far away from their rooms as possible while saying rude things to them. 
7x8us7 Why I'm trying to quit drinking. I can't stop once I start. It's just not working for me. 
5yfdiz Had stage 3 cancer. One day my SO says to me "I am a happy person. And right now, with all your health issues, I am not happy. I deserve to be happy". We broke up that day. 3 years down the drain.   Edit: thank you all for the amazing show of support. Your kind words and encouragement were beyond helpful. All this has been a great source of relief and even a much needed smile. Even the more harsh comments allowed me to gain some perspective on the bigger picture. So, again, thank you all. 
62cto2 Broke up with a guy because the way he ate salad made me uncomfortable. He was pretty much attacking it, chewing with a lot of fervor, and watching me while he ate. 
73ry6i Big spoon.   I'm a tall, big man, and I'm always the big spoon.   Sometimes a brother wants to be held, yo.
6ka69j Oldschool ??? Bubble Bobble. 
7bc8xx I Was doing road work, (cutting loops) and we needed to dry the road off, so I had a flame thrower just blasting the road on the highway. I think 8 year old me would have loved to know that flame thrower operation was in the future.
6tt9yh When someone overshares every detail of their "perfect" relationship on social media. 9 out of 10 times that shits a dumpster fire.
6p7kik Colorado city, Arizona. Stopped for gas. All the locals stopped what they were doing and watched our every move. Nobody would speak to us even after we said hello. Strange.
6h7mzb I have held doors open for probably hundreds of women in the course of my lifetime, and not once was I ever berated or even given the evil eye for this sexist behavior.
7xfn4g My housemate insisted he hated mashed potatoes until he tried mine. His mum would literally just mash up boiled potatoes. No salt, no butter, no nothing.
5vikx9 Star Traders RPG  A rogue-like (optional, lower difficulties lets you keep playing with some penalties) turn based RPG with a HUGE amount of content. I think I've spent at least 200 hours playing, and that was just the free version (no ads or annoying limits, just a smaller map and a few less starter ships)  It's an old game, I originally played it on my Sony Ericsson Xperia X10, but it's still being developed and new content is getting added (last patch was 14th Feb this year)
6nvcv0 Manila. I loved the other places I went in the Philippines, but Manila was awful. The air quality, the traffic, the garbage, and the weird proliferation of air-conditioned shopping malls. Most of all, the child poverty was heart-wrenching. A good wake-up call for a privileged Westerner, but not one I want again. 
7j6z3j Dudes who put their SO down around friends or family to get a cheap laugh, be it about weight or appearance or sexual innuendo or whatever knowing full well how uncomfortable it makes them feel and everyone else in the room for that matter. Don't be a cunt fuckhead.
6mma2o TL;DR: Was out in the mountains for four days by myself. Felt like I was being followed over 30+ miles. First night I slept not in my tent; it was destroyed and cut to pieces.    On a two week solo backpacking trip I had four days in seclusion between Ranger Station check ins. On the first day of the seclusion; I felt like I was being stalked. As I lay in my tent that night I could hear what sounded to me like footsteps around my camp but never coming too close. In the morning I checked all around and found no evidence of footprints or having any wild life around me. I broke down camp and took off trying to put it behind me. The second night was the same thing. I grew so paranoid that when I would hike during the day I would go over rocks, walk through streams; anything to try and break the trail so I couldn't be tracked. I'd go around a blind turn and than sit there for an hour waiting to see if something would come behind. At night I couldn't sleep for more than 10/15 minutes before waking up.   Finally I got to the Ranger Station check in and told them what I had been experiencing. I went and set up camp as close to the station as I could. Later the Rangers; they offered for me to sleep on their couch for comfort and so I could actually sleep. I accepted and stayed the night indoors.   I walked out to my camp in the morning and it had been destroyed. My tent was cut on the side, sleeping bag ripped and backpack turned inside out. The Rangers came and reported it; took pictures and everything. I ended up getting one of the Rangers to give me a ride back to base camp and going home the next day.  
6xevts Johnny Depp, Tim Burtons Rep.
78kc6b Divorced my ex because of addiction/ abuse, culminating in a serious felony assault. A few years later he started dating. Checked her out online and stumbled onto a post she made on a legal advice website- asking questions about MY WILL.
6kety7 Everyone should experience first hand how money can destroy close relationships and how quickly it can happen.  I was dating a girl who had a lifelong friend with bad credit.  like really bad.  She wanted to buy a new car, but couldn't get approved for a loan and asked my friend to co-sign.  then it turned out her credit was so bad, she couldnt' even use a co-signer...they wouldn't issue the loan unless with her name anywhere on it.  So she had the idea "could you buy the car/get the loan, and I'll just make the monthly payments utnil it's paid off".  I told her "do not do this.  there is a reason she has bad credit".  well, she didn't listen and bought the car for her friend.  her friend made exactly one payment to her, and the next month nothing.  She started ditching phone calls, and then we find out she moved out of her apartment.  Suddenly this girls family who my friend has known for like 15 years is pretending they don't know where she lives and has no way of getting in contact with her.  A couple more weeks and an envelope with half a car payment (3 weeks late at this point) shows up stuck under my girlfriends doormat.   next payment comes due, and nothing.  So now my girlfriend is making the payments every month on a car she hasn't seen in months.  her friend who promised to make payments is a payment and a half behind and it's only been 3 months.  The one thing she had listened to me about was she kept a key to the car, so we had the idea we'd find the car and take it (since it was legally and morally her car anyway).  So we spent i don't even know how many weeks every night driving around for hours, hitting this chick's hangout spots, friends houses, family houses, etc until one night we find the car parked in front of her fathers condo.  My girlfriend jumped in, took the car, and drove it to another friends house who was going to let her put it in his garage for a while until things cooled off.  We weren't 2 minutes gone before bad-credit chick is blowing up her pager (yeah, it was that long ago)...having suddenly remembered her number.  Anyway, long story short...this was a lifelong friendship, and this chick barely even hesitated at the chance to steal a fucking car from someone who was trying to help her.
73leh7 Neon signs  Edit: ok, people are saying that "hey, you've clearly never been to X, there's a ton there!" While you're right, I've never been to Austin or Vegas, that doesn't mean that we're still in the golden age. There's a great documentary that was actually on the Reddit front page about the industry dying in Asia (I believe it's been linked to in this thread multiple times). There are a lot out in the world, but there's almost no new ones being made, and not like they used to be. I would say the golden age for neon was in the 80s. LEDs are the future and that's kinda sad.
7tkjuv Rub my forehead vigorously after wearing a hat.
61h4oo My friend recently bought a $4200 Macbook. He doesn't own a car, but thought that was a good buy.   He uses it for Word and Powerpoint.
6o973v So, I work in a porn store. Some of my coworkers who have been there forever are real smart cookies, but a majority of applicants are dumb AF.  When I first walked in and asked for an application, I was handed a sheet of paper and told to read it before I could have an application. It said that you shouldn't apply if you're prone to oversleeping, frequently get flat tires, don't have steady child care, and a bunch of other common-sense things that apply to pretty much any job. My first thought was, "what kind of first-class morons do they usually get applying for this job?"
6pvq89 What is a "Shit eating grin"? 
7ja1xx In 1933, a doctor named Carl Tanzler raided the tomb of a female patient with whom he'd become obsessed and stole her body.  He lived with the corpse for seven years.  As the body fell apart, he attached the corpse's bones together with wire and coat hangers, and fitted the face with glass eyes.  He was only caught when someone saw him dancing with the corpse in front of an open window.
6jbyu1 [deleted]
7xztxf I was a correctional officer for a few years. There was a man who would prey on children whose parents were terminally ill. He would tell them he was a wizard and would cure their family if they did sex stuff with him.   Another "chester" (child molester) would brag about the way he abused this little boy. He described the snap of the kid's leg breaking and he would laugh about it. It was horrible. I was pregnant with my son at the time and I wanted to kill this motherfucker so bad.  Generally, the inmates were ok guys, just had made dumb mistakes, and I got on pretty well with most of them. But the child molesters--omg I hated every one of them.
7nt2bn LaGuardia. Hands down.   Just a complete pain from 18,000 feet until you’re at the gate. Unfortunately, it doesn’t stop there.   The airport is packed. The food sucks and it’s insanely expensive. There’s people everywhere. It’s old.   Leaving? After 4 MD88s you’re cleared to push to spot 29 where you’ll call ground 7 times unanswered and then be number 37 for takeoff after convoluted taxi instructions that include several 2 letter taxiways and multiple hold short instructions.   Also, don’t forget to call clearance with your PDC code and get stepped on multiple times.   At least when you leave you have checking in with Washington center to look forward to...
5emfte Wear clothes to stay warm!
6lq820 Not sure wether this makes me fortunate or unfortunate, but the most horrifying thing I've ever seen is completely imaginary.   I was diagnosed as a paranoid schizophrenic at 14, although I first started showing early signs at 7. I hallucinate constantly, visually and audibly, and the actions of my visual hallucinations can cause me pain. I'd assume they can cause pleasant feelings from touch as well, but I've yet to experience that. The entire manifestation of my disease seems to be attempting to make me as miserable as possible, and is almost like another entity in my head. That being said, most of my visual hallucinations are human like figures, entirely black and lacking any real defining features. They don't resemble anyone I know as far as I can tell. They do however seem to enjoy making me as uncomfortable as possible by just leering endlessly. They're always there. Usually just watching me. It feels like I'm being criticized constantly on every movement, every action. It's made me incredibly self conscious over the years.   Anyway, I was sitting in my room at the age of 15, it was late at night, my family had been asleep for hours. Suddenly I heard a loud thud behind me, I'd been hallucinating for a couple years at this point and didn't think anything of it, assuming it was another fake bump in the night. Then I felt a hand over my mouth, and a swift sharp, agonizing pain in ribs. Still to this day I consider it the most painful thing I've ever felt. The feeling of the hand left my face and my head collapsed onto my laptop, I grabbed my side, which felt warm and wet. I saw a shadow slip out my bedroom door as my vision became blurry and the room started to spin, and for a full 20 minutes, I could not move. I was in too much pain, my body was going into shock, I managed to peek down at my side and it appeared I was bleeding heavily. I could feel the blood running down my body and hear it dripping onto the carpet. My mind was racing with thoughts of my family being murdered. I heard my dogs barking wildly, unable to get to the intruder as we'd installed a door at the end of the hallway to the back of the house, so the cats could have some peace from them. My heart pounded louder than I could deal with, I heard screaming of how much of a failure I was, how I was a complete idiot, that it was all my fault that my family had been killed. Tears rolled down my face, and finally I let out a scream of some sort. A few moments later my sister opened my door, turned on the light, and the nightmare vanished. The pain in my ribs dulled significantly but still burned. I lifted my head from my keyboard and the pool of blood below me was gone, I pulled my hands from my side and they were suddenly clean and dry. My sister looked at me with a worried expression, asking what was wrong, wondering why I was bawling and screaming at 2 am. I sobbed even harder and all I could offer as an explanation was "I'm just insane."   That was the night I realized I would have to deal with this for the rest of my life. That I would experience traumas and stresses that never existed for the rest of my life. That I would question the motive and intention of every single person, relative or stranger, for the rest of my life. But hey, at least in the end, most of my fears and worries end up being made up. 
6yuqri I pulled a mcflurry cup off of a skunk's head behind the local 711 the other night...poor lil fella was walking in circles, helpless 
7x0nk4 A ton of people moved here so the cost of housing skyrocketed as well as traffic. 
6gxu2v I don't think I can choose. My late wife was absolutely perfect for me. So is my current wife. I'm also a very different person than a long time ago--my late wife would have liked me even more now but I don't know that I would have changed for the better if I hadn't met my current wife.  This is a great question and I've asked it many times myself. What I've determined is I can't dwell on the past because that way lies depression and I've had enough of that.
5iez4x I was sitting outside dance class with a friend, we were both about 12 or 13, and two random bigger dudes walk by. We think nothing of it, it's a public street, people walk. One dude turns and approaches us, introduces himself, demands to shake hands. I'm already a little creeped out, but notice (thank god) the door that usually locked automatically behind us was propped open. I shake hands with the dude to keep him from escalating, he starts sobbing and says "I'm so sorry, I was supposed to let you go, I'm so sorry, but-" I screamed at my friend to run, yanked my hand out of his which was impressive, he had a good grip on me, we bolted and shut the door behind us. They stalked the building until police showed up. Never knew what they were planning and I don't want to. 
7tmsyq A redditor (when she was young) and her mom were out camping and there were men in a truck nearby. Later that night, she was awoken by her mom in the tent who was sitting up and motioning for her to be quiet. They could hear the men approaching the tent. The mom had a bit of quick thinking and said "Tommy, grab the gun" aloud, even though it was just the girl and her mom. The men ended up leaving after hearing that. I can't imagine the horrors they avoided that night.
5zbi3o About 15 years ago I had to go to Vegas for a work thing, I had no extra money so I really was not excited about going.  Being broke in Vegas is no fun.  I was there for 3 nights.  First night I decided that I would play in a $50 poker tournament, it would fill up the evening and that way I wouldn't gamble anywhere else.  Bam! Took first place for $1500.  Being "responsible" I went and put $1,000 in my bank and kept $500 to play with.  The next night, I go to a craps table with $200 and I go on for about a 45 min roll.  This was at the Paris where they have the "firebet" which is a $10 bet that if you hit all 6 points its 1000-1.  I hit that over the course of the 45 minutes, and, if you know anything about craps, it becomes exponential as you press your wins, so starting with a typical $10 pass line and $20 odds and like $12 on a 6 or 8--- by the time I finally 7'ed out I had $500 on each number and was hitting them over and over-  Cashed out with $28,000.  The final night, I did it again- just went on a 30 min run, hit another fire bet but since I was up so much I had started at a $25 min game, another $18,000. I basically parleyed $50 into $46,000 which was more than my annual pay at the time.   That will never happen again.
6hmtat I was 18, had zero dollars and was out of gas somewhere in central florida. Was sitting at a gas station with a bunch of random crap on the hood of my car, (all my cds, a hairbrush, a coffee cup, the clothes I wasn't wearing kinda crap) hoping someone would buy it so I could get home. This big white Cadillac suv rolled up and this giant black man decked out in gold chains and nice clothes popped out. Before I could start my spiel he said, "I don't want any of your crap. Push your car around to that pump." I did. He filled my tank and said, "Just tell the world Big Greezy helped you out" and drove away. Thank you Big Greezy.
60csf1 Edit: a few people have encouraged me to do an AMA; I'm hesitant but willing, if the interest is real. I've never done anything like that before, so any help with setting one up would be great.   ---------------------  My birth mother is Ashayana Deane, who is a cult leader in her own right. She has so many people brainwashed into believing she's some sort of prodigy that communicates with aliens and whatnot. She basically disowned me because I refused to hop into the crazy with her. She forbade my siblings from having any contact with me too, lest they also be disowned and lose out on all her money that she's snatched from these gullible followers of hers.   Ashayana Deane. Google her. She's nuts. 
6tjj3x  Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room  Great pacing for a documentary, and the subject matter is a lot more interesting than it seems. It's usually on netflix.  Trailer: https://youtu.be/dMljJ1lB1VI 
6bs96c Cider. As in alcoholic cider. Especially around me it is starting to boom!
7rz13e I'm not sure if this is a chain thing or American thing, but different fitting rooms in a store for males and females is a bit odd for me.   When my girlfriend and I visited the states, she got some stuff to try, so I followed her but stopped outside her little "room" and got comfortable in the nice chair they had just outside... until this lady came screaming and shouting at me to get the hell out of there.. What confused me the most was that there was no sign saying "Girls" etc.
5e0lco [NICE RON](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MUINFs1Sp94)
7zkpxv I had a red polo and a blue polo, and every time I wore them with khakis for work people would ask me if I worked at Target or Best Buy.  I even foolishly went to Target wearing my red polo and several people asked me to help them find things.  I don’t own either of those shirts anymore.
6cj0zr We're both introverts, but I definitely can force myself to be bold. I was a waitress at a restaurant he came into. He asked to borrow my pen, I told him "only if you write down your number."  Sometimes introvert guys need a girl who is not afraid to make the first move. We've been together almost 14 years now. 
76b7nr The seller of our home gave us a binder with all the receipts of the appliances, their user guides and also paint card with names and number of each shade of paint used in each room.  That was very helpful.  Edit: They also included the make and model number of sink faucets, tub faucets and shower in the bathroom so that we could find a match in case something needed to be replaced.  Edit: And Also menus of local restaurants which do delivery. As we were moving in from a neighbouring town, that was really helpful information too.  Edit: To all the sellers who did this or something similar, thank you!!  Thanks everyone for your responses. We have moved the contents of the original binder provided by the seller to a bigger one with new additions and also have a separate "menu" binder as well.
5u9y0a To find out if a number is divisible by 3, add up its digits. if they're divisible by 3, so is the original number. If the sum is divisible by 9, so is the original number. If the original number is even and the sum is divisible by 3, it's also divisible by 6.
6z9la7 When you dream, one part of your brain is making up the story, and another part is experiencing those events and is genuinely surprised by all the twists in the plot.
66vx40 College student, work at a bookstore. So basically I read at the counter and hope no one comes in. 
6ee90r [deleted]
7rqgmg Lord of The Rings trilogy. I watch the extended cuts and all the bonus features at least once a year.
6wbpwc People that bully you or make fun of you are insecure about themselves and jealous of you    Some people are just dicks..
7ckd6u "Who **the fuck** is Sean?!"  Uh, my little brother, who I talked about yesterday. So not only did he not listen when I talked about people who are important to me, he was aggressively possessive and jealous.
72itfh I volunteer to clean up a local river
6aol64 Party Down.   Show ended because it was so good every cast member kept leaving for Network shows. It was on Starz, used to be on Netflix until a few years ago. Adam Scott Jane Lynch Lizzy Caplan  Martin Starr Ken Marino Megan Mullally And... the greatest Steve Gutenberg role ever... Steve Gutenberg playing Steve Gutenberg   [edit] Can't believe I forgot Megan Mullally
63dcul When I was 21 I worked at a gas station in the middle of the night. I had a lot of cops come through, just to check in occasionally and get coffee. One cop was really into paranormal stuff, we used to talk for hours about that shit. He was in his 50s, but used to do be really into investigating the paranormal when he was in college. He was a really nice man who always dropped by every shift we shared to say hey.  In my neighborhood there had been a string of robberies where the guys snuck in through the car wash (there's usually a door in there that will lead to the backroom of the store). He wanted to check what our layout was, so I was showing him around, and he started telling me that he always got a "weird feeling" when he was there. Like he KNEW something paranormal was happening. He stopped in the middle of the stockroom and said "like it just got really cold. Right here. It's so different." I didn't have the heart to tell him he was standing right under the air vents.
661xwv It was my second date with this guy, and he said the *exact same things* that he said on the first date. Word for word. The same stories, the same "random thoughts," the same questions...  It freaked me out so much that at first I played along and answered in the exact same way, as though we were both following some weird script. Eventually I tried to break the mold and ask him new things, but he would just bring it back around to the same topics as last time. It was like I was in a computer program and there was a glitch.  Still freaks me out to think of it.
6bz2ej [deleted]
6flhky I've probably got more than a year left in me, but with Stage IV colon cancer who knows. I'm actually in a chemo infusion right now. The only thing I honestly want is to spend every waking moment with my young children. The thought of them growing up without me, without knowing who I am, is probably the thing that weighs most heavy on my mind.   But as far as actionable list items, I need to climb a mountain again. I grew up near the Rockies and have backpacked and hiked all through the southern Rockies. I keep thinking about when I'm done with chemo seeing if I can't bag a few of the simpler peaks nearish the Denver metro area. I'd like to start a group in Indianapolis with this or similar hikes/climbs in mind, but haven't done so yet. I'll look into starting this though.   Also, if anyone else in the Indy area needs anything, please DM me. I'm doing okay and would love to help someone in need out. Great thought OP!  Edit: Thanks for all the ideas everyone. I'm going to look into getting a small digital video camera that myself or my wife can grab whenever to record what we are up too with the kids. I'll capture a lot of cell phone vids as well, but that can be cumbersome when trying to get an event.   Edit2: Thank you kind stranger for the gilding. You are much too kind and I wish you all the best  Edit3: Sorry it took so long to do it, but I've tried to reply back to everyone who responded. I will keep trying to do so if anyone wants to keep a conversation going. I will be attempting to get an Indy hiking group together and maybe planning a CO trip for some indeterminate date in the future. You are all extremely kind and good people and I wish a million, billion blessings on each of you.   Edit 4 (Sept '17): You people are amazing. I get asked how I'm doing and the answer is really good. Chemo is working better than anyone expected and the oncologist is pretty excited by the lack of progression of the tumors. I'm not asking about a 5 year survivability number though, because having a statistical bookend to your existence sorta makes me worry about it a whole lot more. I'll keep living every moment I can though! Thanks all!
7u8lj3 Extremely against the notion of banning the veil at work.
65ylpz Was taking my belt off at airport security. After I unbuckled, I momentarily thought I was in the bathroom and started unzipping. Stopped myself half a second before I pulled everything down.
6kz06c Not a lawyer.  Parents divorce seemed simple dad cheated on mom, mom gets custody of me. Dad didn't like paying alimony and child support to the tune of $2k a month after he gave up rights. Dad had great idea, pay a hitman $15k to kill soon to be ex-wife. Dad goes through with it, idiot actually pays undercover cop the money. Dad then flys back to Canada (home) and wait for results. International task force is formed to try and detain him. Geraldo Rivera covers story, idiot dad gets arrested in Toronto and flown back to California. In this process I was 3 in care of family back down south, mother in protection by police. Dad's family apparently wealthy gets good lawyer is charged with 17 felonies can't remember how many he was convicted of. He gets 18 months. After all of this mom still had to sue for divorce it took 2 years.  Edit: Mother is ok, is bi polar now and had to move out of state. I moved back after military. Father is out just not allowed in country, never met him. Have talked 4 times.  Found out when I was 18, after issue in military.
6lu1vx Worked for a small computer repair company, 4 people total: the boss, two grease monkeys (we did all the small stuff like reformats and virus removable) and the secretary. It was awesome, I loved that job, the boss and my co-worker were super chill and helpful. But the secretary, we'll call her Lorelei, was a different story. When I started working I got a text from an old friend of mine warning me about her, apparently I had been hired because he had just been fired because of her.... ok, I thought... but she was great, very helpful and nice. She'd being us Starbucks once in a while and other little niceties. Maybe my old friend had been the problem? Any way life was great....   The months passed and things started to change. The nice secretary came out one day and told us she was no longer a 'secretary ' but the 'Office manager' and berated us any time we didn't call her the 'office manager.' It was strange, but whatever. A little while later I get called in to the bosses office where she is standing right next to him like Iago perched on Jafars shoulder, she tells me my work priorities have been shifted,  I was no longer allowed to work on any computer that came into the shop or go out on service calls.  Instead,  she said I was to monitor and report on our customers server activity.... uh.... ok, I guess this must be important?   For the next week I'm confinded to my desk and printed out about small batches of computer jargon that made very little sense and took less than an hour to do. When I asked what else I should do, she would intervene before my boss responded and told me to try to improve the reports... whatever that meant.   The next Monday she calls me into the office again and says I'm on work probation, I have 3 weeks to be more productive or I'll be fired. Apparently I wasn't doing enough to earn a paycheck?   I did my best to make the reports as readable as possible,  and when no one was looking I'd finish up clients computers that were on the work bench (simple stuff like clicking next after a virus scan) until she caught me and reprimanded me for half an hour about how I don't have permission to do anything outside my job description.   I gave up, sad to admit, I could see the writing on the wall,  I spent the last week goofing off on my computer until the next Monday.   I get called into the office.... there's the boss I once respected sitting like a beat dog and Lorelei sitting like a queen in her palace... She tells me i haven't improved my performance and they're sorry but here's my last check, good bye. I turn to my boss and look him square in the eye and asked him if he really agreed with it,  he slumped his shoulders and said "kinda"   I went home and texted that old friend asking him what happened when he got fired, he told me pretty much the same story I just went through. Later on I hear they hired some other kid to take my place... same thing ends up happening to him.   Jeez, sorry for the novel, I don't talk about this very much,  I guess it just feels good to let it out. Thanks for reading if you didn't just skip her to the bottom!   PS, she eventually got fired after trying to get rid of the best tech guy they had (my coworker/superior) I think my old boss finally grew a spine. She ended up leaving her husband and two daughters for another woman who eventually left her... no idea where she is now, don't care. 
7vf2ng Watching ‘The Good Son’ when I was younger was definitely disturbing 
7ac8ct Never buy a car the first year they redesign or remodel it.  Always run into issues that they fix the 2nd year or third year they release it. 
6d53vz .. i have a pole in my living room. so one day i dressed like a school girl and waited for my boyfriend to get home. he walks in and i started doing some pole tricks and he literally walked past me into the bedroom to change.. i was like 'uh hellllooooo im trying to fuck' and he said 'oh i just thought you were dressed like that'.  he kinda killed it.
7j1ady https://aliceandkev.wordpress.com/  It's a blog about playing as homeless characters in the Sims. It's long, and gets pretty weird at times, and I periodically almost spit out my beverage while reading it.
7iueim Hi, we want to make sure that if anyone in this post needs help, there are resources available. There's /r/suicidewatch where well-meaning and sympathetic people will try and help, but be aware they aren't trained. The [befrienders.org](https://www.befrienders.org/) website is a global list of local suicide help charities. Use it to find an organization in your country, you should be able to call or email them for free and they'll speak to you and try and help you without being judgmental.
5wa1ft This is one of my grandpas...  There are these two beautiful marble  statues on either side of a big open piazza. For centuries they have stood frozen, starring longingly into each other's eyes.   One day the gods look down upon them with pity and decide to grant them one hour of mortal life.  The statues, overwhelmed with joy, rush across the square and into each others arms and immediately run off into a bush to fulfill their greatest desires.   After about a half an hour of rustling around in the bushes they emerge, panting and sweaty.   "Wow" says the one statue, "that was amazing"  "A dream come true" says the other "but we've got a half an hour left, what should we do now?" "I know" the first responds "this time I'll hold the pigeon down while you shit on it"  
6os0e1 My grandpa died last year. When I tell people about it they ask how old he was. When I tell them he was 91 they seem relieved or they say "oh so he had a good innings then". The implication is that 91 years is long enough, that he didn't lose out, that he'd lived his life and now he was finished. Let me tell you, he was not finished.   91 years was not enough for him. His body failed him (he couldn't quite fight cancer a third time) but his mind was that of a young man. He wanted to know, he wanted to learn, to see what was new in science and art and technology. He got an iPod for his 85th birthday and joined Facebook at 90. He asked his grandchildren questions and understood that there were things we would know more about than him. Every new person was a mine of new knowledge and experience.   The whole family gathered at my grandparents' house when we knew he didn't have long. I spoke to him about what I'd been up to recently. He said "so much to look forward to" and he cried. Not because he was scared of death but because he knew he would miss out on seeing all of the new things in the world.   Older people are often known for saying things like "back in my day...". My grandpa never said that. Every day was his day, right up to the day he died. He was not finished.
6i3wro Yes - the world smells better, it cools the air, and it makes the colours of nature, especially green, more intense.
6ayxj8 Usually two scenarios.  1.  Wait, this guy is just trolling.   2.  I'm not saying anything that the other replies haven't already said.
7fm8c2 Lying. I can get away with more while everyone else basically has to tell the truth all the time
6do218 I went to college for Mining Engineering.  When i was doing interviews for internships, one of the companies i interviewed with was Peabody Energy.  Now, at this time Peabody was the largest coal company in the world and was one of those annoying companies that thought they were so awesome that they basically wanted you to sit there and beg them to hire you.    Anyways during my interview they asked what i saw as the biggest challenge to Peabody Energy.  I told them that since they only mined coal and were not diversified into other minerals like other large mining companies, if something happened to the coal market it would be hard for the company to survive it.  The smug asshole doing the interview acted like that was the dumbest thing he had ever heard, and told me their focus on coal is what made the company strong.    Five years later the coal market falls apart, Peabody goes bankrupt, and their stock BTU becomes so worthless that they kicked it off the new york stock exchange.  
7casor 80% of people here are dudes seeing if they're fucking up
6q4294 I was interviewing a much older guy for a similar position of mine. Everything seemed okay, and he was our best candidate. Before moving forward, I did a quick google search to only find out that he was fired from his previous job because of stealing $5000 worth of computer equipment.  My director hired him anyway.
74fqt6 Canadian Gun owner here.  Bears, Cougars, Wolves, Meth. I am not joking.  Bear spray is a good idea, but sometimes you don't want to get that close.  A bolt action or pump gun is not a fun way to meet a charging bear.  I also live in a very rural woodland area, gun ownership here is virtually mandated; and ownership rates are through the roof, even for the States.  However we have virtually no violent gun crime.  It's all about culture, training, and background checks.  I know I am at a higher risk of someone in my life being accidentally (or intentionally) shot but the risk is actually very low.  I drove my whole family 3000 miles on a road trip vacation, that was far riskier.
76cfyk Having a black suit of armor. Like stop trying to be the edgiest knight in the order
6v1t91 My friend handed me her phone at a party while I was also holding a cup of beer and for some reason I just stared straight at her and dipped her phone in the beer 
6vihlp Airport security; especially in those countries where the security is decked out in army uniforms and have visible weapons.   They will fuck you up.
7qjuhs Loud live music to the point where everyone is just yelling so the music gets louder and everyone gets louder and it just doesn't stop... help me...
77n6le I never have.
7if4t6 We don’t like axe body spray gift boxes. 
5zezar My first grade class was learning the word powerful. Kids came up with examples of powerful things and people, like elephants and superman. Then one boy said, "babies are powerful because they can cry and get whatever they want."
6jem3y When I was a little kid, my dad sat me on the kitchen counter and got three plates out of the cupboard. It was a dull day I guess so he tried to entertain me. He started juggling them very well, then dropped one and smashed all three. We quickly hid the evidence in the wheelie bin outside and he crouched down said  "if your mum asks, just say you never saw them angel"  So my mum comes home, come dinner she notices our plate department is short. She asks where they are, my father says he doesn't know.  She asks me and I say "There's some broken plates in the bin outside, but I haven't seen the ones you're looking for"  I tried my best dad, sorry.
6pn8o0 I knew a police helicopter pilot and I asked a similar question when searching for suspects. He said that the bad guys were the ones NOT looking up at the helicopter. Innocent people look, point, stare, etc. I thought it was funny but true (to a point).
787geh Y'all are doing this all wrong. You never spend a free level-up on a skill you're not good at, always spend it on something you're already very good at.  You shouldn't level up your cooking if you're not good at cooking, because you can level that up by just taking a few cooking classes. But say you're a programming wiz, to get even better at programming that would take a huge amount of work (more than a few cooking classes). So you definitely want to level up your programming in that case.  It's like using a rare candy on a lvl 10 pokemon vs. a lvl 90. 
7l9nkm Chloe or whatever her name was in Fairly Odd Parents.
5li08g Made myself in Sims just to get laid.
72ccgh Country Club Memberships. I only know this because I worked at a country club in Columbus Ohio. It is a Pool, restaurant, and 175 acres of hiking trails. No golf course. I took a look at the member book, alongside the head server who has been there longer then I have been alive. She pointed out to a few names and stated "such and such hasn't been here in x years" or "such and such has never been here but pays their dues". I asked her why would anyone be a member and never show up. She answered: Status. Apparently, the country club i worked at is a prestigious one as it has denied a handful of millionaires/billionaires. You have to pass a 12+ person board, and before any of that, you have to be recommended by a current member. Rich folks have a hobby of collecting country club memberships across the world.  Edit: not going to say the CC name for internet reasons. I loved the place and it's kind of off the beaten path for a reason. Thanks!  Edit2: I had the acreage incorrect.  Edit3: Okay one last edit and I am done. Yes, you most likely can google it. I did with the name and not much info is on it so we are good. Good Luck everyone! If you become a member, shoot me a message and bring me as a guest. Would love to freak the kitchen and waitstaff out sitting in the dining area!
5od431 Cassowary. If anyone need to into their enclosure there had to be two others in riot gear. Nothing makes you shit yourself more than scrambling behind them and hear the karate kick off the gods smashing a shield behind you. 
7du4tc 80 per cent of 80 year old males or older will have suffered or will face prostate cancer at some point in his life.   Eighty. Percent. 
6783w8 There was this game back in the day for GameCube called Eternal Darkness. Your character had "sanity" levels and as this meter dropped more and more fucked up things would happen. A scream that you couldn't find the source of. Blood dripping down the walls. An enemy attacks you out of nowhere and disappears as you realize it was a hallucination.   The thing is, some of these happened outside of normal game play. It would look like you were turning the volume down on your TV or changing the channel or like a cable came unplugged. One of these was that it looked like you had navigated to the memory card (remember those?) and clicked to format the card.   That moment of panic, the complete horror as I thought that EVERY save in EVERY game I had played was being erased... That is by far the most horrifying thing I have ever experienced in a video game! 
6v4lyk I grew up between the Salt River and Gila River reservations around Phoenix, Arizona. When I was a kid it was pretty fun having such a large area to just walk around with a bb gun and no one cared where you were or how long you were gone for. We could dig in the ground and find broken pottery from other generations  which is pretty crazy to think about now.   There were a lot of drunks who would show up at our house at 2 am and my grandparents would help them out with food or a place to sleep. There was only one little gas station/store to get groceries along with a smoke shop.   I generally have good memories of being there.   We now have casinos which really helps the community provide for itself. Our tribe focuses on building the community and gives very little to individuals in percapita distributions. Other tribes give more money to their members, but it seems like that causes more drug and crime problems.   My tribe has the highest rate of diabetes in the world, or at least it did when I wrote  my capstone research paper on it for nursing school. We spend a lot of money on hemodialysis.   There is a ton of death. We dig our own graves by hand. Compared to other funerals that I have gone to off the reservation, there is something very special about digging your loved one's grave. Being in the ground, inhaling the dirt where your family member will soon rest. It's powerful.   I live in the city now but I return frequently to visit family. 
6cfmpz "Let's cut the head of the king and try all the political regimes that have ever existed"
6j7g18 Suspenders and belts don't need to be worn together. Ever.
66v1s7 I've watched quite a few North Korean refugee interviews and talks and here a few stories that stood out to me:  * When they defect to the South they are sent to a school where they learn about life in South Korea. One girl said that she fell asleep when they were explaining how the bus system works. Before long she had to get a bus and she figured she would just copy what the other people did. A guy got on in front of her and bumped his butt onto the contactless card reader (since his card was in his back pocket). She proceeded to repeatedly bump her butt onto it, not understanding why it wasn't working.  * One girl said that plenty of South Korean dramas get smuggled in, and when they saw shots in Seoul with lots of traffic they assumed that they must have gathered like every car in South Korea into Seoul for that one shot, and they were amazed. When she got to Seoul, she couldn't believe that there really were that many cars there.  * I've heard a few say that they were astounded when they got to South Korea and the authorities came and welcomed them in, and that they couldn't believe that after all the years of propaganda about their 'enemy' they felt more welcomed in the South.
5yv4ap Hi everyone,   Given the subject matter, we know it's bringing up tough memories for people. We've gathered a couple resources that can hopefully help those who are going through a tough time and need someone to speak with. If you feel like you are experiencing distress from this discussion or are struggling to cope in general, please consider using the resources below as no one deserves to suffer in silence.  There's /r/suicidewatch where well-meaning and sympathetic people will try and help, but be aware they aren't trained. The [befrienders](http://www.befrienders.org/) website is a global list of local suicide help charities. You can use it to find an organization in your country. You should be able to call or email them for free and they'll speak to you and try and help you without being judgmental. We hope this helps.   ----- **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**   * Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.   * Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies.    * Report comments that violate these rules.  Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!
6rm8td On r/me_irl a guy said he was gonna leave for a few weeks or so and asked the people of the subred to comment his username on all the top posts so he could look at them all when he comes back. People are currently commenting his name on top posts. U/waterguy12 or something 
5wuzna Soooo...think we'll go metric?  (DISCLAIMER: this really only works in the US, Myanmar, and Liberia)
5u6vu4 In World War 2, a Hungarian Mathematician named Abraham Wald developed a counter-intuitive method for armor plate placement while studying damaged aircraft. He observed planes returning home from sorties with large holes in them, and was tasked with figuring out where to put armor plates. His crucial insight was to *not put armor plates where the holes were*.   The holes in the aircraft that returned represented damage that did not impact the ability of the planes to return home. In other words, he made the critical observation of the bias in the data he was observing: he was only looking at planes that survived. With this knowledge, he instructed armor to be *placed in areas that were not damaged*, because if these areas were hit, there would be no damage in that component in the planes that returned home.
7kfva0 A counselor at my college in Michigan faked his identity for over 40 years. He was a civil rights organizer in San Francisco in the 1960s and ended up [in a shoot out with police](https://patch.com/california/southsanfrancisco/four-decade-fugitive-comes-forth-in-police-shooting).  None of the police were injured but he was shot in the foot apparently. He was supposed to appear in court later but he took off, and in the 40+ years following the shooting, he earned his masters degree with a whole new identity, ultimately working as a guidance counselor at a community college in Michigan.  His true identity was exposed around 2010 and [he went on trial](http://www.annarbor.com/news/former-wcc-counselor-ronald-bridgeforth-sentenced-after-40-years-on-the-lam/) for the shooting in California. He was sentenced to a year in jail and about $8000 in fines.  He was a nice guy, you’d never expect anybody who’s seemingly normal actually being an old school fugitive on the run.
7bsspw The district attorney in New Orleans issued fake subpoenas for years to get victims of crime to come to his office and coerce testimony.  If they didn’t comply, he would get an arrest warrant from a judge by stating that they failed to appear.  No one bothered to check if the subpoenas were legal.  In many cases the victims did more jail time than their attackers.  You’re supposed to see a judge within 72 hours of arrest - one person was jailed for 89 days without seeing a judge.  Because they weren’t in the actual system, it was up to the DAs office to comply.  They used jail for compliance.  In some cases they just held them in jail until it was time to testify and then compelled them by bringing them down to the courthouse, orange jumpsuit and shackles.  http://thelensnola.org/2017/04/26/orleans-parish-prosecutors-are-using-fake-subpoenas-to-pressure-witnesses-to-talk-to-them/ 
6wiqew The US will be switching to the metric system soon. 
6938xq I've posted this one before. In Back to the Future 2, Marty was originally killed after being run down by Biff after exiting the tunnel. Doc then went into the past to save him. This explains Doc's perfect timing in waiting at the end of the tunnel with a rope. 
5fpob6 I heard a quote once that helps me whenever I talk to strangers: "Confidence is when you walk into a room and assume everyone already likes you."  Obviously, this isn't true for every case, but in my experience, if you start off every interaction by imagining that good feelings exist, good feelings WILL actually exist. Everyone just wants to be liked, so if you pretend they already like you, you'll like them, and then they'll be happy that you already like them. It's a warm, fuzzy cycle.   A mistake I see that socially awkward people make is assuming that everyone DOESN'T like them. And then the cycle becomes awkward, rather than warm and inviting.   Edit: HOLY CRAP this blew up overnight. Thank you for the golds, kind strangers!!
68sgew Is discipline a skill? If so, +10 discipline. This would be such a huge quality of life improvement for me. It would help me get my weight under control, start working on things when I should, exercise properly, and so on and so on. 
6ov14l In the 19th century, the world experienced a solar event of unprecedented scale. Called the "Carrington Event", after the astronomer who first identified and studied it, it took the form of a massive solar flare, called a coronal mass ejection (CME). The CME bombarded the earth with basically a galactic electromagnetic pulse, completely flattening the magnetosphere and immobilizing earth's inherent electromagnetic shielding until it was over. Fortunately, at the time, earth's electronic infrastructure was still in its infancy, although the event did cause telegraph wires to *melt*, and telegraph machines themselves to catch fire.   Then, in 2012, a CME of *equal or greater magnitude* than the Carrington event was recorded. It passed directly through the earth's orbit... while we were on the other side of the sun. Imagine if we had been in the splash zone of something like that, with how vital our electronic infrastructure has become in our daily lives. Reddit and the Internet would immediately cease to exist as servers become fried and destroyed. Anyone connected to a life support machine would be dead unless the life support techniques can be done manually or with analog technology. Satellites for communication, weather prediction, scientific study, GPS systems, and anything else man-made in orbit around earth would be damaged to the point of useless space junk. It would be an apocalyptic-level event... and it almost happened. The sun completes a rotation on its axis about once every three weeks, so if that CME happened either two weeks before or two weeks after it took place... well, the world would be a suddenly and dramatically different place.
6f011c If you're worried you're gonna throw up, your mouth usually fills with saliva a minute or two beforehand because the contents of your own stomach are harmful to your throat. It's a pretty good indication that you're gonna hurl.
6xz72a The staggering amount of untouched, perfectly good food that restaurants and grocery stores throw away at the end of the day. Meanwhile there are people in the same cities that are starving or feel forced to dumpster dive for a meal. 
66t2ni That the black mesh on the front of microwaves works by physically blocking the waves,  because the waves are so big they can't fit through the holes.
66du5q We have a 5k in my town called the fat ass 5k. Really fun event, you run a 5k with stops along the way for mini corndogs, donuts, beer, and a bunch of other junk food. They always have really creative slogans on the back of their race tshirts. The two shirts I have say either "A million reasons to love doing the fat ass" or "I pushed it hard in the fat ass"   EDIT: If you want to participate in the race festivities, but don't want to actually run a 5k, there is also the official race shortcut which is a 1/10th mile walk to an Irish pub where you can drink and wait for the after party. 
5fb9n7 https://www.gifgif.io  Free YouTube to gif. No watermark. You're all welcome.  Edit: holy hell you guys this is like 2/3 of my comment karma alone. You really are all welcome :) finding it was a product of a frenzied search for such a thing. I'm glad I could share.
79a07f Turned out the assholiest of asshole mean girl at my high school was horribly sexually abused by both her parents. It was seemingly a competition of who could be the worst monster. To paint a picture one of the mother's defense was that the rapes only started after the daughter hit puberty before that the punishments were just good ole beatings.
5g0ppc Liberal: I feel we need to de-emphasize college and re-emphasize skilled trades.  edit: Reddit isn't representative of your average liberal as a whole. In general, liberalism tends to advocate higher education for everyone.
7qgayn My upstairs neighbor just started screaming and slammed his door a half hour later. I'm assuming he's going to either murder someone or drink himself into a coma.
7pfc72 The "How long can I fool them before they realize I don't remember their name" game.
71agv4 Opiates.  Most start off with painkillers, get addicted, move to heroin and either die or lose everything.  2 old friends, 2 acquaintances and sister-in-laws ex-boyfriend all dead.  1 old high school friend is on the streets now.    
70gkke Super slow.  When I hovered over the wifi button in Windows, the pop-up said "Super slow Internet Access". I thought that was pretty cool.
7g29nx Stores like Lowe's don't make a lot of money on big ticket items like washers/dryers and refrigerators and sometimes even sell them below cost. It's the high margin accessories, extended warranty and credit they want you to sell you.
64vs8k I went to a private Christian University, and I have a friend who got expelled for supposedly exorcizing a demon out of someone in the middle of a wide open courtyard. 
6r3iz3 Yes 2007, you've already seen the peak of Tony Hawk games. 
5u2i4r Oh, what about the twitch guy who pretended to be in a wheelchair and accidentally stood up live on stream.
71rr2t Katamari Damacy 2 player is awesome.  Boom blocks is good as well.
6ig6v9 When my buddies approached me to complain that she kept sitting on their laps, wiggling, and hoping for an erection. 
74sskj They get defensive when you ask about overtime, vacation or benefits.
6z0x63 Last night the topic of arcades came up because we were talking about the first thing that Pac-Man eats in the game. My son said it was a cherry. Then someone said, no, first he eats a pellet. I argued that the first thing Pac-Man ate was your quarter. Then we started talking about how arcades are regularly charging $1.00 or MORE to play games. I got upset and started in with "It's awful! You used to go to the arcade with a pocket of quarters and you KNEW how many games you could play. Sure, there were some that cost more, but that's because they had something unique and special about them."  Then I realized that I'd had a similar conversation when I was a kid with my Grandfather and he argued about how he didn't want to buy me a $0.80 soda because they used to be $0.10 and it was "ridiculous that they'd raised the price so much."  Ninja-edit: I'm 36, in case that matters.
7daw2d How It’s Made &amp; Modern Marvels   The shows were amazing. Shame the network blows now.
5p3hhc If you're going down on a girl, and she shifts, don't shift with her. she's trying to get you to hit a certain spot
6x20mn Pathologist here: Had a guy who had died suddenly and unexpectedly. I soon learned he was the recipient of a lung transplant about 15 years prior.   When I opened the man up, his transplanted lung was upside down. I flipped the lung into the proper position, and *bloop*. It flipped right back to upside down. That was quite alarming. The surgeons who originally performed the transplant incorrectly attached the organ. When he by chance entered the correct position, the lung flipped over, causing his pulmonary artery to seal shut, resulting in his death.   The man lived for 15 years with a lung that was *dying* to flip upside down. And it was only by sheer chance he didn't move in such a way that allowed it to do so until the fateful day of his death. It is one of the most fascinating cases I have ever witnessed. 
7ha3dj I had my wife cheat on me... ended up meeting someone who was "perfect" and just thought I had hit the karma jackpot.   She liked literally all the same things as me.    When I asked about her past, I'd hear stories of what sounded like abuse - but it was always implied (like "I was so scared, I thought he was going to hit me").   Then one night she went mental on me - started getting mad about me wanting to visit my daughter who was in the hospital- she wanted to go on a date instead... started throwing glass at me and it was like rain... went to get away and she came after me and clawed the crap out of the back of my neck, then yanked me backwards by my collar where I ended up on top of her - I pushed her away and just got out.    She called and started threatening me; since I had "hit her" (in falling on her) my options were come back to the house or she would call the cops and report me for abuse..  I hung up on her and called the cops instead   By the time the cops showed up, she had bruises on her neck; she self inflicted them to claim I had done it - just hadn't called the cops yet - my hands showed no signs of aggressive force - plus the back of my neck earned her a trip to prison   It was at that point I realized how duped I was - I KNEW she was the reason for her previous divorce.  I think this question implies any divorced person is flawed - that isn't fair - if you ever dated and broke up with someone, you are in the same exact boat - divorce just often gets messy because there is legal follow up.
7m0tgc Edit: I've received some touching PMs and comments since posting this. Wanted to let you all know that he died peacefully at 3pm on 12-28-17. Three of his kids (including me) and one of his sisters were there with him. He died comfortable and loved, and joking to the end.  My father has ALS and is paralyzed below the neck. He is actually going off life support this Thursday so he can die on his own terms.  His quality of life is rapidly declining. We figure that in a month or so he would be on a ventilator. He would need 24/7 attention because he will need a full face mask and won't have any way to let someone know he needs something if they're in another room. This means hospitalization, where he would be stuck staring at a ceiling or at a crappy TV playing basic cable. He wants to stay home with me and my sister.  Because he's on life support, he can choose to come off it. A doctor is coming to the house Thursday and is going to administer some drugs so he will go to a deep sleep. Then we remove the breathing machine and he will pass away in no more than ten minutes. It will be very peaceful, and a much better option than choking on his food/saliva/mucus or getting pneumonia.  So yes, I support euthanasia. If a person has spoken to doctors and they all agree this person is terminal, that the death they're headed for is painful, I fully support their right to end it peacefully.
5xmrl0 Laywer who is not practicing in court, but when I was in college doing my bachelor's degree, criminal law was part of the curriculum and this included spending a couple of days observing criminal trials. The things you witness.   Anyway; at the start of one of these trials a guy with the greasiest mullet enters the room. Thin, tall, disproportionately sized limbs, tattoos all over; I swear the way he sat before the judge, the only thing that was missing was a beer in his hand and a chicken under his arm. Now, this guy chose not to have a lawyer represent him, as he's a regular and spends short periods of time in jail or doing community service pretty much every month, anyway. Real problem case; drugs, alcoholism etc., but still he comes across as a really sympathetic dude and has a really entertaining way of telling a story while keeping a straight face and not realizing how funny he is.   He knows he's getting fined and a couple of hours of cutting weeds as community service to keep our Dutch streets nice and tidy, but tries to win the sympathies of the judge to decrease his sentence. This man's dog was sent to a dog shelter when they found it malnourished a couple of weeks before when they brought him in for dealing--real sad, but also the reason he's standing trial. The guy got high as a kite and drunk as an Irishman on St. Patrick's and while completely drugged out of his mind decided to get his dog back from the shelter, because he really missed 'his girl'. The judge asks him if it's correct that he broke the lock and some of the camera equipment on site of the dog shelter and he confirms. You could really tell from his passionate account of the progression of the evening that he did all this out of pure love as his dog according to him was the only thing that pulled him through all of his rough patches with his girlfriend and his drug problem. So the judge orders camera footage to be shown to confirm that it is the suspect and he confirms. On it he is seen stumbling about and wrenching one of the dog enclosures open and hugging a German shepherd. At this point everyone is touched by seeing this guy be so emotional on the camera footage with the dog, hugging it, petting it and playing with it and you can see the judge really get into it, as well. Anyway, so this guy continues with his story and tells about how he took the dog to his car and went home never feeling happier in his life and ends his account with the driest delivery of "needless to say I was fucking surprised when I woke up the next day and there was a German Shepherd in my room instead of a Staffordshire terrier." Everyone just broke out in laughter. He didn't get what was funny. Turns out the dude stole the wrong dog. Judge sentenced him to 50 hours of community service and €3000 or so repairs for the broken doors and camera equipment.   TL:DR Guy tries to win sympathies of judge with passionate account of how he broke into a dog shelter and steal his dog back from animal services; steals the wrong dog.
6y1w9r Helpdesk  Retaylor
6kslsc I had a passenger roll down the window and scream "SUCK MY FUCKING DICK" at a deer. She said she really didn't like deer. 
6qw3n4 Kevin, played by Elijah Wood, in Sin City.
71qcj7 I'm about to start Persona 5 properly. Never played a Persona game before.  Booted it up late last night but decided against it once the Atlus logo appeared, I could've been kept up all night if I had gone through with it.  Really looking forward to sinking my teeth into it this weekend.
6fu822 Making it really hard to tell them things. My mom always freaks out when I tell her anything, and then as a defense mechanism she makes fun of whatever it is that I've told her.   I switched my major to criminal justice and she freaked out saying well good thing you don't want to be a cop, you were always so sensitive, you'd look pretty dumb crying in the uniform when someone says something mean to you.   Thanks mom. 
6il1jx e (2.718281828459045...) is the average number of random numbers between 0 and 1 that must be added to sum to at least 1.
6p4947 The disappearance of Fred Valentich, he was a pilot who set off from a Melbourne airport on a training exercise over Bass Strait, he never arrived at King Island.  What makes it creepy that he radioed in that there was a strange craft following him and the last piece of communication was a metallic scraping sound.  Experts said that he was disorientated and was flying upside down and seeing the lights from his own craft on the water but his Cessna  he was flying could only fly upside down for a few seconds before stalling.  They have never found him or his craft.
758vyr Divorced father of the groom started up about how much better his new wife was compared to his old wife, during his speech.  On and on and the qualities of Asian women vs white women.  I've never looked at my shoes so hard in my life. 
5vexe9 Blackboard - the steaming pile of shit used in many schools and universities.  As of a few years ago at least, if multiple markers had a class results entry page open and one pressed 'save', when others pressed 'save' it would re-write the old results (i.e. zeroes) back over the new ones just entered.  This is an undergraduate-level data synchronisation problem, and not really an issue for a class of 30 kids and one teacher, but in a massive first year university course with 1000 students and 20 tutors?  Not fun. 
6awuz4 Card cheating in casinos before cameras.  Seriously, some really talented men spent hundreds of hours mastering moves and extremely delicate touch to pull off some superbe sleight of hand. Richard Turner is a great modern example, look him up on YouTube.
7m292b Why is there only 2 fantasias? I told you every 5 years make another one.
6uveev I was in college and it was a very rainy day.  I was late to class and happened to see a guy with a pretty heavy looking backpack, looking like he was going to jump off a diving board.  He was rocking his arms, bending his knees enough to look like he was gonna sit down for a shit and everything.   Instead of walking around it, he was trying to jump over a huge ass puddle.  I watched him prep himself for a good 20 seconds..which was probably way too long to be staring at someone.   He attempted said jump, slipped backwards due to his huge backpack, and got absolutely soaked.  I feel bad saying I laughed quite hard. 
5ym3fv Demolition Ranch/Vet Ranch/Off the Ranch. All three of Matt's channels are great and I can get lost for hours watching his content.
7nvn4b If you’re renting a property in the US, get everything in writing. Leasing agreements are obviously in writing, but I’m talking pet fees, repair orders/requests, what the place should look like upon moving out (holes in walls, paint, etc).   Then, be sure to be present during the final walkthrough and discuss any repairs or cleaning that still needs done. Here’s where the shady part usually happens - landlords sometimes won’t contact you for this walkthrough or even let you know you’re entitled to it. They’ll just keep your deposit and then you’re SOL.   My first apartment tried charging $25 to replace a $5 mini-blind, $50 to clean out the oven, and $20 to wipe the top of the refrigerator. More recently, a landlord tried charging for thumbtacks in the walls and for a cabinet door falling off that had its hinge painted a dozen times. Additionally, they must provide an itemized list for any money they keep from the deposit.   In my experience, landlords can be shady fucks. 
7ggo45 I'm a professional house cleaner and I clean a lot of rural homes. Whinks Rust Remover is the best product on the market for rust. Hands down. Also, skip the bottles of spray cleaner. Buy a bottle of concentrate (I use Meyer Clean Day), put a cap full in a spray bottle of water and go. It cleans mirrors, countertops, appliances, etc. Also spray it in your microwave, close the door and come back in 10 minutes. It'll wipe clean with no scrubbing.    If you have a specific problem you want help with, feel free to ask.    Edit: It's almost 3 and my alarm is going to go off at 6. I need sleep! If you have a question, I'll be back after work to answer more! 
5qwwxo You are given three wishes by a genie, what do you wish for (no infinite wishes or loopholes). Really shows people's priorities.
63l1w6 The things I used to like about myself are no longer things that describe me. 
7sxbxj [Ug99](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ug99)  Clinical description of a plant fungus that attacks wheat and rice and is each year spreading to new countries and could, if it really takes off, cause massive global famine, especially if it takes off in Africa and Asia where almost none of their crops are resistant to it, and it can cause 100% crop failures.  Just like, one more thing to worry about, I guess, but I was kind of surprised when I stumbled across it (after seeing it mentioned in a book about famine).
6e9r9q Sort of an anti-pickup line but I witnessed a drunk girl get decimated at the bar one night.  She was hot, and one of those "haha you're cute you should buy me a drink" type girls.  Some dumpy looking dude walks up to the bar and orders a Corona and she pulls the whole "And put a rum and coke on there for me!", insinuating that he should buy her next drink.  He looked at her casually and says "Make it a rum and diet." and then just walks away.  I was speechless.  I'd never seen him before and haven't seen him since, sometimes I wonder if he ever existed at all. 
7gcyys Not me, but my mom was a 1st grade teacher. She got home with all the teacher gifts her students had given her. I was looking through them and as a shitty pre-teen middle schooler I was a dick when I found a little box with rocks in it.   My mom, in a even tone, told me that kid was the sweetest kid in class and had no money. Pretty much only food she got was school lunches and breakfasts. She saw all the kids giving my mom the teacher gifts they brought that morning. So, she found a box and during recess collected "pretty stones" to give to my mom.   Fucked right in the feels man.   
79utpg I would turn the bag inside out and become a god.
7glwn2 Trump actually does have a Reddit account: /u/the-realDonaldTrump  He used it for an AMA on T_D and a couple of other posts there, but the account hasn't been active for a year. 
747gzu A plastic drain snake. They're about $5 and clear a drain more effectively than any chemical drain cleaner. 
7801bx [deleted]
7hy4fx There was one young woman.   Initially she was pulled over for speeding, which isn't all that bad just a traffic citation.   Then the officers noticed she was drunk, still not terrible as it was misdemeanor DUI but you still end up spending the night in the tank.   As she's being arrested she resists and during the struggle she kicks one deputy in the face which ended up blinding him in one eye because she happened to be wearing high-heels.   She went from a simple speeding ticket to a DUI to felony assault in the space of about 30 minutes. 
6ztp70 [deleted]
7407f0 The Forbidden Planet. 
5jomva Well an [Argentinosaurus](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Argentinosaurus) is the largest known dinosaur (&gt;100 feet head to tail and weighed more than 200,000 pounds).   Now I don't know much about dinosaur penises, but if we assume they had some sort of [hemipenis](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hemipenis), which is commonly found in lizards, and assume that its body to hemipenis ratio was equivalent to hemipenis ratios commonly found in land lizards today (12-22%) then we can put its penis size at around 12 to 18 ft long and a few hundred pounds in weight.   Jerking said hemipenis would be difficult for even the Mountain and would probably best be done be grabbing it like you're trying to climb a tree and shaking up and down. Now since hemipenes are barbed I would imagine this to be rather uncomfortable, and thus this is my answer for the hardest dinosaur to jerk off.    Edit:  I appreciate everyone who expressed their concerns over the accuracy of this post. I would like to let you all know that I am aware dinosaurs' most recent common ancestor is an avian, and I took that into consideration when writing this. If you research what paleontologists know about dinosaur penises, which, ironically, is very little, it is almost universally agreed upon that most dinosaurs had some type of expandable or dangling penis, and were probably more related to [crocidiles](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saltwater_crocodile#Reproduction) than [birds.](http://www.smithsonianmag.com/science-nature/the-anatomy-of-dinosaur-sex-95156234/), as far as reproduction is concerned. It also caught my attention that [Sauropod nesting behaviors were similar to sea turtles and some aquatic reptiles.](http://phenomena.nationalgeographic.com/2013/02/25/dinosaur-reproduction-not-ancient-gravity-made-sauropods-super-sized/) So after reading all of this and taking everything into account, I realized I spent way too much time learning about dinosaur penises and decided to just use a hemipenis for this example. In reality, some dinosaurs probably really did have hemipenes. Other dinosaurs, though, probably had penises beyond our wildest imaginations.   With that said, I really do appreciate everyone who commented on this. I'm glad I could amuse you all. 
7qc833 52 yo woman. From a very young age I was absolutely certain I didn’t want kids. As a young girl I had zero maternal instinct. I *hated* babies, thought they were the ugliest creatures in the world and as anti-cute as possible. (Even hated dolls too, to the point that when somebody gave me a doll I cut all its hair off &amp; buried it in the mud outside, lol).   When I became an adult the sheer hatred faded and I found I began to enjoy kids (BUT NOT BABIES. Never came around on babies. They still even smell gross to me! That nauseating milky smell... *shudder*).  Anyway it was just crystal clear that I was not cut out to be a mother. Additionally I am pretty ugly and I as I grew up I realized I really don’t want to pass on the ugliness genes because tbh it’s a real burden. (I’ve also wondered if the lack of maternal instinct is itself genetic; if so, I shouldn’t pass that on either.)  Went through my 20s/30s perfectly happy with my decision.   Then to my surprise I felt flickers of regret and uncertainty popping up as I went through my 40s, which is when the door really closes permanently. My long-term bf &amp; I split up, and the reality of aging completely alone began to sink in, especially as I began to develop some of the classic age-related health problems &amp; realized there will never be anybody to drive me to the doctor, nobody to call for help, etc. But beyond even the aging-alone thing, I just began to crave more of a connection to the next generation.   That phase of uncertainty &amp; slight regret lasted several years but actually it’s faded now. For one thing, as I watch my friends &amp; parents age, I realized almost everybody ages alone anyway. None of my siblings live within 1000 miles of my folks, for example; and all my older female relatives, *all* of them, have ended up alone as their spouses either die or divorce.   Ultimately I realized there are many other ways to connect to the next generation besides just having kids of your own. I mentor grad students now &amp; decided to go back to teaching, and that really has sated that craving for some kind of connection, some kind of impact on the world. I teach in community music groups too. Also my career is endangered-species research &amp; climate change and I do feel that the work I’m doing there can potentially have much more of an impact than raising kids of my own; and if I’d had kids I would not have been able to really do my work as well (I have to travel all over the world constantly, and that would’ve been impossible with children).   And ultimately I know I’m too much of an introvert to have been happy with kids in the home. Literally this morning I was thinking about this, while I was cleaning my house, and I looked around at my beautiful little home and actually said out loud, “It’s so peaceful and pretty and restful and rejuvenating.” I LOVE my perfect peaceful home life, LOVE it. I’m happy every day; happy when I wake up, happy when I go to bed. I love my independence. I believe in my work &amp; I love the way I can go traveling 6x/yr all over the world. I love mentoring my students, I love teaching. I’m glad I’m not passing on my genes. I’ll die alone, yeah, *and that’s okay* and I’ve made my peace with it.   This isn’t the right path for everybody but I know it’s the right path for me.
7ps1a8 I had just moved into my house a few months prior, when I got a letter threatening to be fined $200 stating that my mailbox wasn’t black. I thought surely they had the wrong house, because my mailbox was in fact black. So I contacted them and they gave a run around arguing that it wasn’t.   I told them to come look and of course they said it was on me to prove to them it was black. So I snapped a photo and emailed it to them. I hear nothing back for well over a month, then get another letter giving me a “courtesy” week extension before I’m fined.   I’m livid at this point, so contact the HOA again asking for an explanation as to what exactly the problem is. I’m finally told that “neighbors” felt my mailbox was rather worn and needed to be painted or replaced. So basically it wasn’t black enough for them. So I fucking painted it.  Now for the part that set me over the edge...After a few months or so I learned that the fucking HOA will replace a mailbox, as it’s covered under our terms. So I called them asking about why they threatened to fine me when they were the ones that should replace it if not to standard. They stated it was because they had no open work orders for my mailbox and that it was my responsibility to notify them if it needed maintenance, not theirs...
7y70f6 You always leave them feeling emotionally drained
6xsufj Not exactly ruined. I was on a Skype call introducing my dad to his new born granddaughter and she throws up all over the new MacBook Pro.  I cleaned it up and kept it off for a few days. I thought it was fried for sure but it turned on. Backlight was patchy and smelled funny for some time. Renamed it to Mac n Cheese. Surprisingly still works 7 years later. 
5mr2il Witnessed a mate secretly try to suck his own dick.  He was successful.  Forever unsure to give kudos or not.
5c3qt3 In the ladys ufc I heard they don't punch each other in the boob because the fight would turn into non stop tit destruction. It's not illegal, but I heard that shit hurts enough to discourage everyone involved from doing it.
7h1von 300ct faceted Tanzanite gem stone. I can’t remember how expensive it was, hundreds of thousands. Use to work at jewelry stores. 
6sjawn Narconon is a front for Scientology.  Their pitch is basically to get you off drugs by getting you into Scientology.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Narconon
5hzurh Coherence. Good movie. Will absolutely make your brain hurt. 
6l75zj I came to Louisiana from Scotland, so my introduction to Cajun food started with a chicken and andouille sausage gumbo, then a crawfish boil. I stayed for the food, the women (I married one) and the weather. One hugely overlooked soul food is red beans and rice.
5tmxzh Www.fakespot.com Tells you the amount of reviews that are fake on Amazon or yelp. It has stopped me from buying many subpar products.  Edit for clarification  So many reviewers are incentivized by getting free products. The algorithum looks through each reviewers past reviews and see how many were in exchange for product or discount. Or it also "downgrades" their review if they make a lot of reviews without having bought any products.    Edit 2 There is an add on to chrome that is convenient 
6syk1e Using a tea covered spoon to get sugar from the pot. I don't want to have to sift through lumps of crusty brown sugar 
6fdqu4 Tales of Symphonia.   Picked it up on a whim in a best buy one day with no idea what I was getting myself into. 70 hours of gameplay later, I had fallen in love with the characters, the world, the art style, the game play...everything. Good times.
7dk8wb Gavrilo Princip did not "just happen to be having a sandwich" when the Archduke drove by.  Gavrilo chose that deli to wait for another chance *specifically because* it was along the original parade path that the Archduke was meant to take through Sarajevo that day.   Unbeknownst to Princip, the Archduke changed his plans and decided to head to the hospital to visit the civilians injured in the initial assassination attempts.  The Archduke's driver was some Austrian guy who didn't know Sarajevo, and ended up following the original parade route by mistake. Gavrilo was waiting along the parade route, *hoping for this exact situation.*  Yes the whole thing was still highly coincidental, but Gavrilo wasn't there for just a sandwich.
6b98cf I put mine in a Scottish loch and no one has ever caught it.
5c0rn0 The road to El Dorado, was watching it last night, I just smiled and fell asleep.
618gk7 I'm a white guy who has been living in Singapore for the last two years. I speak fluent mandarin. I hear a lot of people talking about me but one of the cutest moments was as I was walking out of the train an older lady looked up at me in shock and said "wow handsome man" to her friend in mandarin   I replied "wow pretty woman" as we walked by each other. It couldn't have lasted longer that a few seconds. The last thing I saw was her blushing and her friend laughing at her as the doors closed. 
6zetxa Working yourself to death, just so you can say you work hard.  Fuck the expectation that you need to sacrifice your life for some assholes profits. 
69dex7 In 3rd grade I was taught that Antarctica was the second largest continent, because it looked that way on a map.  I honestly don't know if my teacher actually believed that or if she was just fucking with us.
6fsb9j No me but my wife. She was an engineer at a good company on the east coast. Left because she wanted more rewarding work. Soon after she is doing clinicals at a school on the rough side of our home town. She was the kind of student teacher who showed up early, ate lunch with the kids, stayed late, and followed up with parents. Anyway....  Some months in she has repeatedly had trouble with some students (they came from troubled homes and brought a lot with them into the class each day). She tried working with them one on one, working with the administration, and the parents. More than one set of parents said "Stop calling." And the administration told her to send them to the principal's​ office (where they could sit all day) and focus on the "good" kids.  Eventually, the futility set in.... She was the only one who cared. Not the kids, administration, other teachers, or even their parents. She finally wore herself out after a couple years​ with no support at work and no one appreciating her efforts (except me of course!).   She's back in aerospace now.
75xto0 One time I saw watermelons at the store in a big box labeled "19 cents." I (stupidly) thought this meant the watermelons were 19 cents each. I put eight in my cart.  Imagine my surprise, then, when the cashier rang up my watermelons for thirty-some odd dollars. Baffled, I just stared at him and realized it was nineteen cents PER POUND.  I was too awkward and embarrassed to tell the cashier I misunderstood or changed my mind, so I just accepted my watermelony fate. I ate watermelon for breakfast and lunch and dinner. I made watermelon margaritas and watermelon sorbet. There isn't a watermelon recipe on Pinterest I didn't consider.  It was halfway through the watermelon fiasco, after complaining about the stupid watermelon for days, that I realized that even if they HAD been only nineteen cents ... *I still bought too many goddamn watermelons*
6g7j87 I used to work for Goodyear tire &amp; auto stores about 10 years ago.   A man, 40s, well dressed, came in wanting an alignment done on his truck. When they told him a price, he got upset and said that he had purchased a "lifetime alignment" from us and would not be paying. Our sales guy explained calmly that Goodyear does not, and has never sold lifetime alignments, but Firestone does, and perhaps he is mistaken. The man became furious, *insisting* that we perform his alignment because he paid for a LIFETIME ALIGNMENT, and that of we don't be will sue for breach of contract. Manager gets involved, there's no calming this guy down, he has us check our system and he's never even been to a GY store before at all, that just made it worse, etc. The next few minutes was him yelling incomprehensibly at our manager, other customers in the lounge, demanding action be taken on his vehicle. Finally the manager says he's calling the cops and the guy goes on a full blown profanity induced rampage through our store on the way to the door, knocking over coffee dispensers and cups, a magazine rack, and ends it by kicking open our door. The kick ripped the hydraulic door closer off the wall above the door, and he left.   Our manager ran into him a week later at a car dealership, turns out he was a sales manager there. Our manager walked out and cited that guys behavior as the reason they just lost a sale, then he forwarded the security cam video of his rampage to the GM of the dealership. Still not sure what happened on that part. 
6i6vxr I dunno about you, but I haven't seen many people named Gilgamesh lately.
5njfi2 Officer Space  The best cop from outer space
7vwkqg OxyClean is sodium percarbonate.  Look for much cheaper brands at the dollar store.  The one I've got says "LA's Totally Awesome Power Oxygen Base Cleaner" on the label.  I kid you not.
5oadjx There should be a siren in all cars in case of emergences such as emergency shits. I would use it responsibly but people would probably just abuse the shit siren. 
7lt3xd I am originally from Latvia and do speak also Russian. Then moved to UK and went of few dates with English girl. She really liked that I know Russian language but I didn't know at that point that it is hers fetish. So one night we were in bet pretty drunk and once we got busy she said..."oh yeah..talk to me in Russian!"  and I didn't really want to do it.. And I said no. And she begged more and more until it kinda reached the point where I sort of wasn't in to it all and then I thought I'll just say something so while in doggy style I told her about my trip to aldi buying milk and eggs and stuff in Russian. 
7lp5kj Well its kinda specific but I've been told being a nurse makes me less of a man.   Fuck you I like my patients. 
7kslxz Type the error message into Google. Literally my entire career. 
5qgkp5 Not a teacher, but in my senior year of high school I was in a personal finance class. The teacher explained that not paying your taxes could get you incarcerated.  Student: "So if you don't pay your taxes, the government will light you on fire?!" Teacher: "No, incarcerated means to imprison. You're thinking of incinerated." Student: "Oh. Wait, then what's taxidermy?" 
6dwykt One of my favorites is Lake Nyos in the Republic of Cameroon.   The local legend was that an evil spirit or a monster lived in the lake and would come out at night to kill anyone who lived too close to the lake. One of the local groups, the Bafmen, settled in the high ground near the lake due to the legends. Different groups moved into the area in the mid 1900's and lived closer to the water's edge, disregarding the customs of the Bafmen.   In 1986, nearly 1,500 people living near the lake were found dead. Those who lived in the higher ground were fine.   It turns out the lake was very deep, and would essentially become carbonated. A land slide could trigger a release of CO2 from the lake waters. On that night in 1986, an enormous release occurred and since CO2 is heavier than air, anyone in the lower areas simply suffocated and didn't wake up.   So while the myth about the evil spirits wasn't entirey true, there really was something in the lake to fear! 
5sld7v The [Battle of Karansebes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Kar%C3%A1nsebes) where the Austrian army accidentally attacked itself, with over 10,000 casualties that were totally self-inflicted. 
78b6a9 "We've been dating for 3 months, of course let's join bank accounts!" 
6estdj Oh god. I've got a few but I'll post [the first one I found](http://imgur.com/a/5wybY) in my pictures folder.
711ye8 Halloween night. After drunken truth or dare. I walked in on my SO's brother and cousin going to town on eachother.   EDIT: Neither of them were involved in the drinking. 
704jij Family member (my dad) getting a terminal cancer diagnosis and being one of his primary caregivers. It's everyone's worst nightmare, right? Yeah, it's worse than that.   Within three months he was on a walker. Four months wheelchair. Five months bedridden. Six months couldn't wipe himself or feed himself. Delirious. Couldn't get his pain under control. His arm broke from a metastasis to his humerus. We had to wake up all night to give him pain meds. He cried sometimes, but not as much as I would have.  I spent three weeks sleeping with him in the ICU. I poured my heart into those weeks and now that he's gone it feels... empty. 
5ren3t My grandparents were all Amish and my parents were raised very conservative Mennonite (after my grandparents "jumped the fence"). Luckily, they did not raise my siblings and I conservatively. One thing tourists who come to visit Amish country (where I live) seem to have trouble understanding is all the different types of Amish and Mennonites. Growing up surrounded by the culture, I can tell instantly what order of Amish or Mennonite someone belongs to by seeing them or their house. If anyone has any serious questions about the Amish or Mennonites, I'd be happy to do my best at answering.
68l83g For anyone who is in a bad place or having dark thoughts:  There's /r/suicidewatch where well-meaning and sympathetic people will try and help, but be aware they aren't trained. The befrienders website (http://www.befrienders.org/) is a global list of local suicide help charities. Use it to find an organisation in your country, you should be able to call or email them for free and they'll speak to you and try and help you without being judgmental.    Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice  Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in any comment, parent or child.  Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies.   Report comments that violate these rules.  Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.  Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!  
6bjtjk What to do if someone is having a seizure.  1. Try and move nearby furniture if possible so the patient doesn't hurt themselves. 2. Let them get on with it. 3. Once the seizure is over, move them somewhere safe and comfortable (a bed if at all possible) and keep them warm.  Anyone with epilepsy will have done this many times before and an ambulance is not necessary, save it for someone who needs it. If it is someone's first seizure or you are not sure, dial 999/112/911/whatever.  If a seizure lasts more than two minutes, call the emergency services. If a person has more than one seizure without regaining consciousness, call the emergency services.   NEVER put anything in their mouth (you run the danger of choking them) and NEVER try to restrain them (you WILL get hurt).  I have epilepsy and it scares the life out of me that if I have a seizure on the street people won't know what to do. Another LPT - if you are epileptic or diabetic etc., inform friends/co-workers/etc. and tell them what to do in an emergency.  For some unknown reason, this is hardly ever taught in 'layman's' first aid (don't know about those in the medical profession).
6kvcsz Live in your world, play in ours - Psychiatric hospital
6sksw4 I think my favorite is giving passwords over the phone. I use the proper NATO phonetic alphabet, except for Q. It's "Q as in cucumber".   "Wait what? Cucumber starts with a C"  "Oh, no I meant a regular cucumber, not a sea cucumber"
5i5csd squatty potty.
717o1a A couple tips:  1. Meals and meal planning. It's easy to burn a lot of time each day just cooking and eating. Meal prepping (or at least preparing large enough portions to last you multiple meals) is a huge time saver. 2. Make a daily and weekly list of what you NEED to get accomplished. Obviously, there's only so much you can accomplish daily. Decide what needs to be done today and use whatever free time you have to work on the longer term goals once you get through the daily list. Often, chipping away at the weekly (or longer term) list pays dividends later on. If you're studying 20 minutes or so a week out from a big test, you'll find you don't need multiple hours the night before. 3. Be good with down time. Find ways to be efficient with those awkward blocks of time in your schedule that often turn into browsing reddit or zoning out. 4. Find ways to do something you enjoy while working on the things you don't want to do.. If you like a podcast, listen to it while you do the dishes or fold your laundry. 5. Plan time for you. If you just grind all day everyday you can easily burn yourself out. Find time to do the things you enjoy, just moderate it. For example, if you're a gamer, limit yourself to a reasonable amount of time. Watch an episode or two of your show, but don't binge. Check Reddit while you're on the shitter instead of dedicating large chunks of time. Moderation, not elimination, is key. 
6sshd4 "Rabbits eat carrots" is not true and can actually make rabbits sick because of the high amounts of sugar. Rabbits mainly should only eat grass and/or hay.
67x5ix Have said friend check out the [Map of Metal](https://mapofmetal.com/).  It breaks metal down into a bunch of subgenres with descriptions, influences, and representative playlists.  This is what it took for me to finally take the plunge after being turned off by radio metal and harsh vocals.  Edit: Thanks for the gold! \m/
7ds37c When Facebook introduced the mark as safe feature one of my friends wanted to be a dick and marked me safe in a country nowhere near me. I removed it as soon as I realised but someone had screenshot it and posted in on reddit saying how disrespectful and disgusting I was.  I was going to call them out when I saw it on the front page but but never bothered. Instead I went through their history and found a goldmine of personal stuff which was enough for me.
6dzr7j He genuinely seemed to care for me and love me. So, even though I knew I didn't love him as much, we could make it work. We had a fairly inexpensive wedding, moved in together and take care of each other. He pays the bills, I cook and clean, and we both put up with each other's shot.  Until this past Wednesday when I discovered his hiv medication and he told me he'd had it for over 5 years. Longer than we knew each other. So he lied every day for 5 years, and that's what I'm dealing with now. My test came out negative, somehow. But it still feels like a deal breaker. Nothing will be the same as before and he's fully expecting for it to go back to how it was a week ago.
5rssp6 What ever the thing from honeycomb was. It looks like it could fuck up anybody.
5k8odk There was a post about a guy wanting to try heroin "just once." If you go through his post history, you can see him go down the spirals of addiction. 
7vu5pj Many years ago I worked with a firm that evaluated medical school applications. Medical schools get so many applications (over a thousand per year in some cases) that many of them pawn the initial evaluation work off to outside groups, who then subcontract to temp agencies during application season. The school makes the final decision of course, but the initial pre-evaluation is handled by temps who might not even have degrees.   These agencies are paid by quantity and not by quality. There's a strong pressure in the organization to process as many applications as possible, as quickly as possible. It's not a formal quota, but management definitely noticed if your numbers went down.   I don't even want to contemplate how many excellent potential doctors my colleagues rejected because they were in too much of a hurry. Some of them likely spent their lives preparing for their med school application only to get preemptively rejected by someone with no medical qualifications.   This was 15 years ago, so I sincerely hope the system has reformed since then. 
5bmivn ITT:  * [Cave Story](http://www.cavestory.org/download/cave-story.php) * [Halo Online](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yVlMw6NzM-liatgr1hBI3hVQN_STHinP2gQQTNjcTnA/preview?usp=sharing&amp;sle=true#getstarted) * [League of Legends](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ) * [Path of Exile](https://www.pathofexile.com/) * [Actually League of Legends](http://www.leagueoflegends.com) * [Dwarf Fortress](http://www.bay12games.com/dwarves/) * [Battlefield 2/2142 Revive](https://battlelog.co/) * [Team Fortress 2](http://store.steampowered.com/app/440/) * [Eve Online goes Free to Play on 11/15/16](https://www.eveonline.com/) * [Close your Eyes](http://store.steampowered.com/app/377330/) * [Planetside 2](http://www.planetside2.com/register) * [Warframe](http://store.steampowered.com/app/230410/) * [Not Tetris 2](http://stabyourself.net/nottetris2/) * [Dota 2](http://store.steampowered.com/app/570/) * [Google Chrome Easter Egg Game](http://www.omgchrome.com/chrome-easter-egg-trex-game-offline/) * [OpenTTD (Transport Tycoon Deluxe)](https://www.openttd.org/en/download-stable) * [OpenRCT2 (Roller Coaster Tycoon 2) not free, but very cheap](http://openrct2.org/downloads) * [Space Cadet Pinball](http://microsoft-3d-pinball-space-cadet.soft32.com/) * [**o**su!](https://osu.ppy.sh/) * [Moonbase Alpha](http://store.steampowered.com/app/39000/) * [Dr. Langeskov, The Tiger, and The Terribly Cursed Emerald: A Whirlwind Heist](http://store.steampowered.com/app/409160/) * [Another Metroid 2 Remake](https://www.reddit.com/r/AM2R/comments/4xfi7r/where_to_still_get_am2r/) * [OFF](http://offgame.wikia.com/wiki/Downloads) * [Emily is Away](http://store.steampowered.com/app/417860/) * [Unturned](http://store.steampowered.com/app/304930/) * [Evolve](http://store.steampowered.com/app/273350/?snr=1_7_7_151_150_1) * [Moirai](http://store.steampowered.com/app/496920/) * [Orwell (only ~60 min demo is free)](http://orwellgame.com/) * [Halo Forge (win10 required)](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/p/halo-5-forge-bundle/9nblggh4v0fr) * [Life is Strange](http://store.steampowered.com/app/319630/) * [Smite](http://store.steampowered.com/app/386360/) * [Space Engine](http://en.spaceengine.org/load/) * [Katawa Shoujou](http://www.katawa-shoujo.com/download.php) * [Alien Swarm](http://store.steampowered.com/app/630/) * [Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup](http://crawl.develz.org/) * [SkiFree](https://ski.ihoc.net/#download) * [The Battle for Wesnoth](http://wesnoth.org/) * [Runescape](http://www.runescape.com/) * [Hearthstone](http://us.battle.net/hearthstone/en/) * [Tales of Maj'eyal](http://te4.org/download) * [Pokemon Showdown](http://pokemonshowdown.com/) * [Pokemon TCG Online](http://www.pokemon.com/us/pokemon-tcg/play-online/) * [Fractured Space](http://store.steampowered.com/app/310380/) * [War Thunder](http://store.steampowered.com/app/236390/) * [World of Warships](https://www.worldofwarships.com/Download) * [Kingdom of Loathing](http://www.kingdomofloathing.com/) * [Space Station 13](http://www.spacestation13.com/about/) * Far Cry: Blood Dragon (Free on Ubisoft's [Uplay](https://uplay.ubi.com/) starting Nov. 9) * [Brawlhalla](http://store.steampowered.com/app/291550/) * [Open Red Alert](http://www.openra.net/) * [Dungeon Fighter Online](http://store.steampowered.com/app/495910/) * [Town of Salem](https://www.blankmediagames.com/) * [Endless Sky](http://store.steampowered.com/app/404410/) * [Yume Nikki](http://yumenikki.wikia.com/wiki/Yume_Nikki_Wiki) * [Goldeneye Source](http://wiki.geshl2.com/goldeneye/installation) * [Spooky's Jumpscare Mansion](http://store.steampowered.com/app/356670/) * [Heroes of the Storm](http://us.battle.net/heroes/en/) * [Hawken](http://store.steampowered.com/app/271290/) * [Dirty Bomb](http://store.steampowered.com/app/333930/) * [Star Trek Online](http://store.steampowered.com/app/9900/) * [Faeria](http://store.steampowered.com/app/397060/) * [Oldschool Runescape](http://oldschool.runescape.com/) * [Tower of Heaven](http://askiisoft.com/games/tower-of-heaven/) * [Paladins](http://store.steampowered.com/app/444090/) * [Warface 2016: Black Shark](http://store.steampowered.com/app/291480/) * [Wolfenstein: Enemy Territory](http://www.splashdamage.com/content/download-wolfenstein-enemy-territory) * [Heroes of Newerth](http://www.heroesofnewerth.com/) * [Tiger Knight: Empire War](http://store.steampowered.com/app/534500/) * [World of Tanks](http://www.worldoftanks.com/) * [America's Army: Proving Grounds](http://store.steampowered.com/app/203290/) * [Project Reality](http://www.realitymod.com/downloads) * [Fistful of Frags](http://store.steampowered.com/app/265630/) * [Sven Coop](http://store.steampowered.com/app/225840/) * [Toribash](http://store.steampowered.com/app/248570/) * [Spelunky Classic](http://www.spelunkyworld.com/original.html) * [Outside](http://media.treehugger.com/assets/images/2011/10/go-outside-cartoon-sm.jpg) * [Space Funeral](http://gamejolt.com/games/space-funeral/3492) * [All of Our Friends are Dead](https://amon26.itch.io/aoofad) * [OGame](https://en.ogame.gameforge.com/) * [Automakahn](http://automakhan.com)  Well that's all I have time for at the moment. Getting tired. Should be a good start for anyone though. Thousands of hours of gaming to be had in this list!  /u/goofball linked a [thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/Steam/comments/57fljf/the_list_of_really_free_steam_games/) with a list separated by genre and includes steam ratings! Go check it out if you want to find some more free games.
6utexq Christ, this thread makes me realize just how poor I am lol.
7orcni Almost made it across.
5o3w1y In 1976 I was diagnosed with Crohn's disease, an incurable digestive disorder. I have struggled with it my whole life. I have also struggled with medical coverage that entire time. I earn $26,000 per year which is too much to qualify for Medicare but not enough to be able to pay for health insurance. The ACA gave me excellent coverage at affordable prices. I was able to see the doctors I needed to see, have the necessary procedures done, and get on the appropriate medications to control the disease. With the ACA, my insurance premiums are $85 a month. Without the ACA, my insurance premiums are $1700 a  month. That amounts to $20,400 per year. With the ACA, my monthly medications cost $39. Without ACA, my monthly medications cost $700. I need to have a colonoscopy done annually to track the progression of the disease. With the ACA, that costs me $300. Without the ACA, that costs me $3500. Bearing in mind that I earn $26,000 per year, consider what would happen to my budget if I have to pay the full cost of my premiums ($20,400) and the full cost of my medications ($8,400) and the full cost of a colonoscopy ($3,500) . That would leave me $6,300 in debt, without even considering the cost of office visits or blood work  or lab work or any of the other expenses attendant with coping with a chronic  illness-- not to mention incidentals like spraining an ankle or coming down with the flu. If I have to pay that  much just to manage my disease, how do I afford the little things in life such as food, housing, transportation, and utilities? If the ACA is repealed, there will be no medical care for me -- it will be a cold-turkey cut off of essential services. It may well be a death sentence. 
6x5ycv  [The Sorapiss Lake](http://www.dolomiten.net/it/images/gallery/scoprire-gustare/laghi/lago-di-sorapis/lago-di-sorapis.jpg) in Italy. Used to be a beautiful calm place, now it reaches 2000 tourists per day. thanks instagram edit: oh shit this exploded! now I just made the situation worst, didn't I? 
6emsam [a website that lets you listen to nearby shortwave radio stations on a visible spectrum. I spent hours clicking around to listen. You can listen to pirate radio stations, real stations, and there's anonymous  live chat too](http://shortwave.themodernrogue.com)
5xzdss https://www.reddit.com/r/photoshopbattles/comments/4qps7n/psbattle_friends_son_lost_his_favorite_toy/  - Boy loses his favourite toy elephant,  - Parents tell him 'he's gone on an adventure around the world...', - The awesomeness of the internet delivers.  Well worth a look!
6ymtkb I went to cancel a doctor's appointment and they said it was a $200 charge without a week's notice. I asked how much it was to reschedule, they said it was free.  "Okay, so I need to reschedule for two weeks out."  "Is three weeks okay?"  "Yep."  "Alright, you're all set for three weeks from now. Anything else I can do for you?"  "Yes, I need to cancel my appointment."  "We need a week's notice."  "My appointment is three weeks away."  "Oh. Okay. Sure."  "Thank you."  Couldn't believe it worked.   Edit: Well, crap, my most upvoted comment is a story about me conning some poor receptionist. I'm a schmuck.
72jsmc I offer my seat on public transport to middle aged people to make them feel old.
74yrsr /r/WeWantPlates is hilarious if you like seeing what abominations trendy restaurants are serving up.
7km3k2 Put 100 pennies in a sock and beat someone to death with it
724hq2 [deleted]
66ged2 So not so much bad as it was sad. This happened around 2006-2008. Can't remember exactly when cause I was about 11 at the time.   I had a friend in elementary school and middle school that lived within 2 miles from me and a CVS between our houses. Her (12yo), her little brother (9yo), and her mother (~40ish) were at CVS picking up a few things and were walking to their car in the parking lot. Apparently as they were walking, the mother pushed both my friend and her brother away from her. My friend hit her head on the sidewalk and woke up to her brother screaming and crying.   What happened was that as they were walking, the mother noticed a car that was slamming on the gas while trying to back out of a parking spot. The car was heading straight towards them and the mother pushed the kids out of the way. Car pinned the mother to the wall of the CVS and she died within minutes. The little brother saw the whole thing happen and has been struggling with depression and traumatic ptsd since, and my friend got a concussion from the incident, lost her mother, and has never been the same.   Sad thing is that the driver wasn't drunk or high or anything. It was a tiny little 80 year old lady that wasn't used to driving the car, and pressed too hard on the gas pedal. Don't exactly know what happened when the police got involved, but my friend has been messed up ever since.   This forum has had a lot of comments about terrible people that have done terrible things. Not all bad things happen because of bad people. Sometimes they just happen.   Edit. Thank you for the gold! This was my second post ever on Reddit and it was important for me to share. Thank you!!!
7cy5s1 I grew up in a toxic household largely centered around my dad's addictions to drugs and alcohol. I grew up in a trailer park in a trailer that caught fire and literally exploded when my dad was cooking meth in it (he was badly burned, I was not home at the time).  No one in my family went to college. I was the first to graduate high school even. My mother made it to grade 9, my dad to grade 5. He could read a little but not functionally. Mom had a GED and dad had a forged GED.  I cut ties with everyone toxic. I just said "no" one day. I haven't spoken to my father in many years and have no desire to do so. I started cutting ties when my family began to mock and deride my decision to go to college.   I sought out stable people in my life. I married a wonderful man who helped me develop stability. I went to college, I have a master's degree, and I graduate with my MD in may.   I could not have done any of it if I still had the immense chaos of the family I was born into, or if I didn't have the stability of the family I chose.   No one can give you a legitimate yes/no answer to this question - only you can answer this question for yourself.  But the important thing is... If your family is truly toxic and you can truly seek stability without them, you should not be ashamed if that is your choice. Seek self betterment along the way, relentlessly. 
7ajd45 Katamari Damacy is fun no matter who you are. 
7u0rr2 [The Great Attractor.](https://phys.org/news/2016-05-great-attractor-milky.html) It's a supermassive *something* (not a black hole, by the way) which is inexorably dragging everything nearby - including the entire Milky Way Galaxy - towards it. Nobody knows what it is, though it's been theorised to be an incredibly dense cluster of galaxies (equating to the better part of a hundred thousand Milky Ways).
6f92k3 My father is a patent attorney, and when I was around 14 he told me about a guy who wanted to patent the IPhone 3 because "aliens" had given him the design for it. My father told him that if the aliens originally designed then they were the ones that had to patent it, not him.
6c6f6v Baggage handler. If you check a skateboard by just slapping a sticker on it it will get ridden.  
6qoe6s I answer questions with questions *all the time*. I honestly didn't even notice I did this, until my brother got annoyed that my little nephew picked it up from me. 
7g81w8 Room  Not The Room  Room
6achn5 Facebook salespeople.   My friends have all decided to sell crap on facebook. Now their entire identity is being a lotion salesperson.   They post all day about how meaningless their lives were before selling lotion. They host cyber-cocktail parties where they all sip wine and talk about lotion.   They post pictures of their kids with captions like, "They are the reason I sell lotion!"   They travel to seminars about lotion. They mock all other lotions. They brag about how much lotion they sell and try to recruit everyone around them.   We aren't even friends anymore because they don't have any time or energy to waste on non-lotion people. 
7mn3xx “Oh sorry, my bad. Didn’t hear the water running. Make it quick I’m late to work.”
7epunl Wise words from my mates grandma “Don’t put it down, put it away”.  So much of the mess around my apartment was down to me leaving things out instead of taking the extra minute to put them away in their correct place.  I’m not perfect but it has helped!! 
78ennm “Let me ask you something, have you ever wanted to be your own boss?  How does setting your own hours and working from home sound to you?”
6j0fr3 Leaving them is best.. There is even a saying for these people.. Talk sense to a fool and he calls you foolish.
6dk2ap A button that says 'Restore the earth's factory settings'
7ejcng Not technically a parent but an older sister, so my little brother when he was around 7ish had a search history of naked women and such. And when my mother found out and confronted him he cried and was saying he just wanted to be like Jack from the titanic by drawing naked women and he had a few pages of his attempted drawings
5x9jwa I was listening to the 9/11 episode of Last Podcast on the Left, and they played a bunch of really heartwrenching audio clips, but by far the creepiest was just a bunch of high pitched siren/alarm-like noises. It was explained that all firefighters wear these alarms that go off if said firefighter is motionless for like 30 seconds or more aka. They are dead/unconscious. So yeah, it was basically listening to dozens of dead firefighters. It is super haunting to listen to and still sticks with me.
6x8xch When you have to either follow or chase someone. Fuck those missions. "Oh you're 15 meters away, that's too close. He'll know you're there. But don't go more than 20 meters away or else you'll lose him."
7vmv0p By the four seasons in my head. The thing is that I live in a place that doesn’t even have seasons.
7opdr5 Somebody tell me I'm not the only one that remembers the *People of Imgur* post.
7hcvoc I want to know what happened to all the chatrooms from those days. You can't even find a reference to most of them on today's net. 
6j3np5 Dr. Suess wrote Green Eggs and Ham because someone bet him it was impossible to write a children's book with less than 50 different words in it. 
5po55m Hi, we want to make sure that if anyone in this post needs help, there are resources available. There's /r/suicidewatch where well-meaning and sympathetic people will try and help, but be aware they aren't trained. The [befrienders](http://www.befrienders.org/) website is a global list of local suicide help charities. Use it to find an organisation in your country, you should be able to call or email them for free and they'll speak to you and try and help you without being judgmental.
79h5dc Try and open Photoshop and die in 2015 waiting for it to run. 
7oj2o3 I think i have told this story on here before,         in elementary school, I saw one of my best friends eating pizza somebody had thrown in a garbage can. I found out a bit later that his dad had lost his job, and his dad, his 2 sisters, and his mom were living on the streets. But he would have died from shame had i told him that i know. But my mom found out from me, and she bought him and his sisters lunch cards for the year, and breakfast cards. The school lunch lady told them that "they won them in a raffle"      EDIT: Thanks for the gold, who ever you are. Glad i could make your day a bit better hopefully. 
72zvw1 "One small step for.....HOLY SHIT IS THIS QUICKSAND?!"
5q9ppf I was diagnosed with aspergers at the age of 11.  I feel like I'm part of a play where everyone has the script except me.
5kg950 My husband found a pantry moth that had died stuck to the inside of his straw. After he'd already been drinking from it for a while.
7ddjaw I was in a dance class a few years ago and we had to do improv. Everyone there was a WAY better dancer than me,so I had a difficult time just with that. Well,my teacher gave us 5 mins to come up with a dance to a whole song,and you'd have to dance in front of the class alone. I noped the fuck out of there and ran and hid in the bathroom. My cell phone was still in the classroom,but at that point I didn't care. I decided to sneak out the front door of the studio. Well there's a small problem there. The walkway to the parking lot was in front of the giant windows of my classroom. I decided to just duck down and run the best I could,hoping no one saw me. I made it to the car and had my Dad run in and get my phone. Didn't go back to my class for a few weeks there.
6ga6rm Do paramedics count? I responded to a call from a father who needed help applying medicinal cream to his 13 year old daughters vagina to heal her STD. He said he tried to do it himself but it was "swollen shut".... I just brought her to the hospital.
7eh3bh "Don't quit your job at Wal-Mart! You've been here for three years! Just seven more and you'll be fully vested in the company!"  Edit: One thing I just remembered about that job. We had a manager who, since the time I started working there, couldn't speak above a whisper no matter how hard she tried. It had been like this for years. Two years after I was hired, she finally found a doctor who figured out the problem. Apparently, if you're stressed out every single day for years on end, it can cause a psychogenic voice disorder. He ordered her to take 3 months off work. When she came back, she could speak normally.
5z7jmc Tea time would have a whole new meaning 
7qv45t Hydrocephalus dementia is a way of losing a person twice, once to the illness and once to death.  My Mom, one of the most brilliant people I have had the honor of knowing, had hydrocephalus dementia.  She was fully aware of her condition and fought it close to the end when she finally lost the ability to swallow.  It is a hard way to go. 
7cmmaz My mom didn't know what the oil change light on the dashboard was. She went to her friend (who did a popular morning talk show in Montreal) and asked "why is there a gravy boat light on my dash?" The next morning the entire city knew she'd said that. 
7h6rur **Due to the nature of this thread, we hope the following resources will be helpful:**   * [RAINN] (https://www.rainn.org/about-national-sexual-assault-telephone-hotline) has a multitude of tools for current and recovering sexual assault victims in the US. This includes a free, confidential 24/7 hotline that can be reached at 800-656-HOPE.     * HotPeachPages has an [international directory] (http://www.hotpeachpages.net/a/countries.html) for abuse hotlines, shelters, refuges, domestic violence information, crisis centers, and women's organizations in over 110 languages.   * [1in6] (https://1in6.org/) offers a wide range of information and services exclusively for **male** sexual violence survivors. This includes an online 24/7 [support group and support line] (http://1in6.org/chat-with-someone/).   * /r/rapecounseling is dedicated to providing emotional support to those who have experienced any type of sexual violence.  /r/adultsurvivors is a community for adults who experienced sexual abuse as children. Please keep in mind these communities are lead by well-meaning nonprofessionals.   * The befrienders [website](http://www.befrienders.org/) has a global list of local suicide help charities, along with other assistance. Or for just the US try [Lifeline](http://www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org/) or call 24/7 1-800-273-8255 (TALK).  On reddit, there is /r/suicidewatch where well-meaning and sympathetic people will try and help, but be aware they may not be trained.
6wqihh I'm a teacher, so I have a million stupid rules I have to follow.  But the worst one is that my performance evaluation is based on student improvement on the STAR literacy test.  I teach wood shop.  
790386 [deleted]
7p4pp3 So, I work in a cnc workshop, and we often engrave stuff. This particular guy wanted a nice wooden jewelry box for their wedding anniversary with a custom message he emailed me. For some reason he choose to give the box to his wife at the workshop (not the most romantic place I can think of but whatever).  Wife starts to look confused and tear up: "you don't remember the date?"    Guy turns pale, looks at me, says: "no, I'm sure its a mistake."    Me: "no, I've copied it straight, can't be wrooon...waaait a minute, omg, its my fault, I'm so sorry, I will redo it right away, no need to pay, please accept it as a gift..."    Wife gets angry a bit at me, but they leave with a different box and the correct date. Guy comes back next day, and pays triple the original price without a word.
7r12sv I was at an airport a couple years ago waiting on a delayed flight when a woman with a toddler and a ~5 year old girl sits next to me. The girl almost immediately asks to go to the bathroom and the mother tells her you could have gone when we were at home. Every few minutes she asks to go to the bathroom and her mom just ignores her and focuses on her phone. After a while the girl pisses herself leaving a puddle on the floor and soaked her pants. The mother immediately berates the girl calling her disgusting and other names to the point the girl is now crying. About this time the plane had landed but wasn't boarding yet. The mother expected one of the gate agents to clean the mess, and told the girl she'd have to spend the flight in her piss soaked cloths. The gate agent wasn't having any of that and called security. Not sure what ended up happening but they didn't get on the plane. 
7wrbns I have posted this before but here is my possesed woman story, spoiler alert - as a result of posting this last time users suggested she could have suffered from Catatonic schizophrenia.  **********  Was driving along and found a girl just standing in the middle of the road, my initial thoughts was to just to tell her to pay attention but it was clear that while the lights were on, nobody was home. During my whole time with her she never uttered a word, I was left in a weird situation. She had done nothing, clearly needed help but medically nothing seemed wrong. As I am pondering what on earth I should do the girl suddenly starts spinning. Now spinning is not illegal and I'm starting to think this girl is one of those protesters that wind up police (I've dealt with troll station before) so I think crack on, spin to your hearts content. Then she loses her balance and falls whacking her head on the side of the police car! Great. So I call an ambulance but she seems fine. Still not talking but she is looking up at the sky. It's a nice day so fine enjoy the sun. I do some writing and look back at her now bright red face and watering eyes and realise she is trying to damage her retinas by forcing herself to look directly at the sun. That's a new one on me so now I'm holding a book or something above her to shield her eyes... ambulance arrives and we get to hospital and now she has forgotten how to walk. Now I'm 99% sure she is a wind up merchant but I get her a wheelchair. In the wheelchair she strikes up a 'I'm a little teapot pose' and keeps this up for the next hour, zero movement just frozen with her arms out. So I now have 3 potential situations.   1) she is pretending to be frozen in time.  2) she is suffering from a mental health issue.  3) she has been possessed.    By now I'm convinced it's the latter but I section her and leave her with professionals. A week later I call the hospital and they tell me she is still frozen.
6vy17t Michael Phelps vs shark. 
6s4skx Eye transplants for people who are blind, or at least retinal transplants.  My boyfriend is blind due to a degenerative disease called X-linked Retinitis Pigmentosa. Being able to receive a transplant for this would, obviously, be life changing.  There isn't any treatment or cure for his blindness, so he doesn't even like going to the eye doctor just to hear "Yep, you're a little more blind today than you were yesterday and there's nothing we can do about it."
65q9xn The first time my SO and I slept together I woke up during the night to use the bathroom. I came back in the room and she farted one of the loudest farts I've ever heard. I started laughing like crazy and she almost woke up. Almost. We've been together for seven years. 
5pw8qq Born there. Family lives there. Friends live there. Lack the economic means to move elsewhere.
6hyznq When my dad was on his death bed with pancreatic cancer he wasn't allowed to talk. He fought and fought with the nurses so that they would let him say one word to my brother and I. He took off his oxygen mask, looked at us both, and said, "Hey."  It was hilarious. He was the best.   He lay there dying, and fought with nurses to give my brother and I a laugh on a day where our world was falling apart.   Happy Father's Day, Dad. 
5auv3g Chicago is going to have a baby boom in 9 months 
70q5f2 I had a askreddit post saved that was, "What is your favorite quick joke?" knowing someday it would come in handy. One day, my wife and I were headed somewhere and she was having a terrible day for reasons I won't go into (glad to say, it wasn't my fault!), but she was really angry and sad and on our way to our destination we encountered a really rough patch of construction.  It was one of those days where one more thing going wrong would cause her to break down and this was it. So we're stuck in construction for 2-3 minutes and it's obvious we're gonna be there for a long time. She's ready to start crying and I pull up my phone and pull up that askreddit post and without warning just start reading her jokes.  She starts busting up laughing and since they're quick jokes, I can hit her with them one after another, before she recovers from one joke I hit her with the next. 5-7 minutes of this and they finally let us through construction and she was in a much better mood. 
6o0c5u Designing an ad so that the "X" to make it go away is really just a facade to make you click on the ad 
6rk5ne "What is you're biggest strength"  I can make decisions quickly in high-pressure situations.  "What is your biggest weakness?"  I make awful decisions. 
7zepcu When your sinuses are super congested:  Push your tongue flat against the roof of your moth and push the heal of your palm against your forehead (right along your brow).  if you hold it for like 30 seconds and then let go, you will feel your sinuses start to drain.  Absolutely amazing, wish I had know my entire life. 
6n73th r/ATBGE  Awful taste but great execution. Stupid paint jobs, hair cuts, tattoos, etc that are done well. 
6831ol This wasn't during the interview but after the fact...I went for the interview at a dental office for reception work. Was offered the position about a week later. 20 minutes after I accepted the job, the lady called back and said "Dr so and so actually hired another person for a job at one of our other offices but they need to train here. Unfortunately, there isn't enough space in our office to train two people at once so we'll have you start in a few weeks."    It's been a year and they still haven't called me back. Luckily, about 45 minutes after that phone call, I got an interview at a different company,  something in my gut said take the interview even though you were offered a job, and I got that second job two weeks later and I'm about ready to hit my year mark with that company and even got a promotion and raise 4 months ago. Sooo yea...good idea i didn't wait around for that other job.   Occasionally I want to stop by that dental office and ask them when I'm supposed to start. 
6r5mix [deleted]
7yaiw6 I’m 34 years old and my Dad still tells the following story of me doing a dumb thing to anyone willing to listen.  When I was 8 years old I got a pack of Big League Chew gum. I was hanging out in the garage with my Dad &amp; when he saw I was about to open the gum he said, “Now whatever you do, do not put this in your eye.”   I said ok, I won’t.   I then walked into the house, went upstairs into my bathroom, chewed on a ton of gum, took it out of my mouth and put it on my eye.   The gum was the perfect texture of sticky and stuck to my eyebrow and all my eye lashes. My eye was completely glued shut from the gum.   I immediately ran downstairs for my Dad’s help completely hysterical with a huge wad of gum stuck to my eye.   I still remember my Dad yelling WTF.   TLDR: Dad told me not to put gum in my eye. I said ok and immediately put gum in my eye. 
7srvxb My dad used to make baked beans on toast for dinner. He called it cowboy food and said all cowboys ate this stuff 
7i6iz1 I like to use the word "technically" in unnecessary situations.  I own a brown couch, so I'll say "technically my couch is brown" 
7fqsdz I'll use my college and not my high school because nothing really noteworthy happened in high school.  At Northeastern University, [ten tons of concrete fell four stories from the facade of a school-owned dorm onto the sidewalk of the busy street that the university is centered on (Huntington Avenue)](http://www.bostonherald.com/news_opinion/local_coverage/2009/07/disaster_averted_northeastern_building_collapse). This street is as heavily traveled by pedestrians as any on campus, and is pretty typical of a Boston sidewalk on a typical day (i.e. not Lansdowne Street before a Red Sox game but not some neighborhood sidewalk on a residential street either). It was 8:15am when it happened.   Somehow, no one was on that sidewalk, and no one was hurt. It was a Tuesday IIRC, and orientation was happening, which consists of lots of group tours/walks around campus. Simply amazing. Would have been catastrophic for the school if even one person was injured. 
6p0s2d It only really works if somebody else starts it, but my personal favorite is "No you"  No matter what they throw at you, you always have something to say.  "You're probably 12 kid stfu" "No u"  I mostly use it in game chat, and one time I got someone so frustrated that they could not top me that they rage quit.
7w43k9 Hi, we want to make sure that if anyone in this post needs help, there are resources available. There's /r/suicidewatch where well-meaning and sympathetic people will try and help, but be aware they aren't trained. The [befrienders.org](https://www.befrienders.org/) website is a global list of local suicide help charities. Use it to find an organization in your country, you should be able to call or email them for free and they'll speak to you and try and help you without being judgmental.  ----------  Keep in mind that Serious post rule still apply  **Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**  Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.  Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies.  Report comments that violate these rules.  Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.  Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!
5ipinn Ok, let's do this.  First things first - That million dollars is practically worthless compared to immortality. Ever dime of that cash can and should be spent ensuring that the snail never, ever reaches me.  First things first, I keep an eye on him. It's tempting to want to hop on a plane or a train and get as far away as possible. But once I do that, he's gone and I'll never see him again until 3am on July 14th, 2072, when the sneaky little cuss slips in the door and slimes onto me before I ever wake up and notice him No, I'm going to be within visual distance of the snail, slowly moving away from it, until Snail Containment Plan Part A is done.  Next I grab my phone. I call up someone I can trust with my life, and tell them to come to my location within the hour, and to bring a metal cash box, a good padlock, and a firearm. Once they arrive, I inform them of the deal and ask them to grab the snail, shove it into the metal box, and lock it up.  Once the snail is temporarily secured, I ask my friend to carry around the box, never letting it out of their sight, and to prevent its opening with as much force as is required. We arrive at some reasonable figure for this service - Maybe $50,000.  Now we can start in on the real work. I'm on the phone again, contracting with a tungsten machining service out of Willowbrook, IL. I ask them to construct for me a hollow tungsten sphere with a small, sealable opening, ideally via both exterior bolts and sintering. I ask them for a rush job and a thick wall depth, perhaps as much as a foot thick. The spherical shape should keep material costs as low as possible for a given thickness, but between the unusual object, large amount of tungsten, and speedy delivery, I invest a truly insane amount into this project - Let's say $100,000. I ask them to deliver it to my current location as fast as possible.  Once the tungsten ball arrives, I have my friend stand well away from me and transfer the snail into the center of the sphere. I ask them to pour a little salt down into the hole after it, just to give the snail a little reminder of who he's dealing with. Once snail and salt are both inside, we seal the hollow sphere with the bolts.  Tungsten is an amazing material. Incredibly tough, dense, and heat-resistant. You could drop it into molten lava and it wouldn't matter. Which, coincidentally, is almost what I'd like to do next.  Now we make sure that damn thing stays shut. I find the nearest metal refinery and call them up. I also contract with a heavy machinery moving company to move the tungsten sphere to the refinery. Once the refinery has sintered the tungsten sphere shut, I buy an entire industrial crucible (those big buckets) of molten iron. And the crucible the iron came in. I have them drop the tungsten sphere into the molten iron, and let the whole mass cool in place. Mr. Snaily snail ain't going anywhere, but I'm probably down another $100,000.  Now I'm on the phone to specialist movers. Chartering a boat. We're taking this thing halfway around the word. We take the boat right over the marianas trench - Not the deepest point, but deep enough - We push the whole assembly over the side. Literal tons of once-molten iron, refinery crucible, tungsten, salt, and snail slip over the side and begin dropping into the briny deep. Another $100,000 gone, but well worth the cost.  Good. That's bought me a little breathing room. But we're not anywhere close to done yet. I still have at least $500,000 left. I'm going to invest it into solid business ventures and slow growing but secure assets. We're building a fortune - And who cares if it takes a few centuries? I'm frickin' immortal baby!  But as I develop my fortune, it's getting invested into space. SpaceX, asteroid mining projects, whatever. I am trapped on the one planet in the entire universe where I can actually die, and I have no intention of staying there.  Over the millennia, I slowly apply my fortune and influence to push mankind to the stars. And the moment living on another planet becomes viable, I'm there. And the instant a habitable planet is around another star? I'm on the first generation ship heading that direction.  But I can't think in such a short sighted manner now. I'm immortal, and I need to think like it. Eventually, the sun is going to burn the earth to a crisp, and then that damn snail is going to be free. It might take him a few million years to land on something, but he'll do it eventually. And then he will construct a spacecraft and begin crawling towards me again.  What I care about now is lightcones and black holes. Earth's gotta go. Sorry whatever's left of humanity. We evacuate anyone still on the old planet, and use a gravity tractor to push Earth into a black hole. A nice, big one so that hawking radiation will take an incredibly long time to evaporate it away into nothing.  And then I board  a ship. A fast ship. I accelerate to as close to lightspeed as I can get, piloting directly away from the black hole with the snail inside. I want to be so far away and moving so quickly that the heat death of the universe would occur far, far before the snail ever reaches me, even on the fastest ship his freakishly clever little brain can construct.  So that's the way the universe ends. With nothing it in except for infrared heat, one hyperintelligent snail suspended in an inky void, and one human screaming away from it at .99C.  Cheers.
6h66de My girlfriend is always yelling at me because I get my directions mixed up.  So I packed my bags and right left away!
6na5du X-rated for violence rather than sexuality, but if you want the most absolutely reviling accounts of human brutality imagineable, read *A Short Account of the Destruction of the Indies* by Bartolome De Las Casas. One of the most memorable stories to me was   &gt; ... a Spaniard who was out hunting deer or rabbits realized that his dogs were hungry and, not finding anything they could hunt, took a little boy from his mother, cut his arms and legs into chunks with his knife and distributed them among his dogs. Once they had eaten up these steaks, he threw the rest of the carcass on the ground for them to fight over.  It wasn't just disease that wiped out Native Americans so quickly in South America, the Spaniards were responsible for the genocide of hundreds of thousands.
5s70ly A master chef told me this in culinary school: "you can always stop cooking." Take it off the burner or out of the oven if you need to. Surprisingly helpful tip
6scq83 Peak Scanner is pretty fun to have if you live in or are visiting a mountainous area. You point your phone at a mountain and it tells you the name of it, how tall it is, how far away it is, etc.. 
6k0mcw I was delivering food to a large table that looked like they were on a family reunion vacation when I overheard a grandpa asking one of the younger (12 or 13?) grandchildren if he they had fun that day. The kid responded with "Fuck you grandpa I can't wait until you die.". I almost dropped all the plates in shock.
5zj69v At my university (it's very small) we have the same group of people who we work on projects with for the entire semester. I had done about 60% of the work for every project we did thus far, and then I had to have emergency surgery during a final, major project. I did as much work as I could leading up to the date of the surgery and then handed the reins over to them as I would be in surgery and in recovery through the time of presentation. (I know, stupid decision.) I go through surgery, recover, come back and get called into the dean's office. They took my name off of every project and claimed I did no work, fabricating evidence that I would not respond to their messages. I was blind sided, and had only my word to defend myself. I ended up having to complete 5 semester long projects in one week to graduate. I did it, graduated, barely, and at the graduation party they didn't even have the courage to face me, they asked a friend of mine how it was possible that I graduated. Luckily my friend told them to ask me themselves. They never did. This was recent and I don't really trust any teammates much anymore, as I had issues with relying on strangers before this incident anyways. I'm trying to get past it.  Edit: fixed typo
7otc1p This story (copy and paste)  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  And here's where the expression "Party like it's 1999" comes in full force:  Here I am, in my flat party, in England, 1999, someone threw a cigarette in my beer glass, I accidentally drink it, and I feel like I may have to barf. Both toilets are taken.  I run from one floor down, outside the building, barf my ass off in the garden on the left, and when I come around I see the neighbor's window open. My neighbor who I know is at my party, and is living alone. And someone has opened his window and entered. I go near the window carefully and see some bloke with a travel bag picking off valuables, a Dreamcast, some electrical stuff...  I run back to my flat party and tell everyone there's a burglar at the next house. People call the police, but by then drunk mob rule mentality is taking over. People pick up broom handles, another bloke picks up some heavy duty duct tape and some giant ass trash bags.  They all run across to the burgled house next door.  The burglar sees them, panics and tries to leave through the same window, but a couple of drunks intercept him and fall on him. The rest arrive, the guy with the broom handle hits him once or twice but not seriously, I doubt he even bruised him, but the point is the burglar's busted. He's so terrified of this drunken mob he doesn't even try to escape, he just lies down on the grass petrified.  Then duct tape guy arrives. After some struggle we finally manage to tie his legs together, then his hands, then his arms, and in a fit of drunken stupor we get to fit the big ass trash bags around him and we wrap him up like a Christmas present, the only thing out of the pack of bags being his head. He looks like a huge ass cartoon caterpillar. Then we tie him up even more, with everything we got. Someone even brought scotch tape and wrapped it around him just for kicks. The dude, being pretty tall but thin and untrained as hell, is just sitting there, mumbling in shock to be let go and that he won't come back again.  We all start cheering up again when another guy has the fantastic notion to go to the all-nighter supermarket and buy a pack of rubber bands to wrap around caterburglar, and we wait for him for about ten minutes, starting to sober up.  The police are still nowhere in sight.  The guy who went to the supermarket returns not with rubber bands but with some pretty heavy rope.  Here is where I go up to my room to see if everything was all right, and when I return I see the rest of the party people having tied and raising the burglar upside down by his feet on a lamp post like a pinata.  We kept him hanging there for about twenty minutes before the police arrived. By the time they arrived we had turned the speakers towards the street and were partying around the human caterpillar. I think somebody offered the dude some beer, but he couldn't drink it upside down.  -editing in the police officers' reaction like a ninja boss- They asked us to turn the music down, which we did after a minute or two. There wasn't a problem with the noise because the neighbors were glad we caught a burglar and besides the street dancing and laughing we were quite peaceful. I remember one old neighbor opening her window to tell us to keep the noise down, but as soon as she saw what was going on outside and we explained who the human caterpillar was, she burst in a fit of laughter and went back inside.  I remember all the cops leaving with big ass smiles all over their faces, we all knew they were desperately trying to appear serious so we cut them some slack and provided them with all the info we could as soon as possible. Of course they politely refused our offers of beer, but since everyone was over 18 we didn't do anything to warrant anything other then harsh finger pointing, vigilantism is a dangerous and unlawful game etc. One drunk said "then it's good I didn't dress as Batman like I planned" and we just about all died on the spot.  They approached the burglar smiling at the spectacle, asked the guys to get him down from the lamp post, this huge Greek called Peter took him on his shoulder like you'd carry a rolled up carpet and carefully placed him inside the police car. They left with the guy still in caterburglar costume.  tl;dr caught a burglar and tied him like a caterpillar on a lamp post until the police arrived, partied all around him. May he turn into a beautiful jail butterfly.  
77sq2o My wife accused me of acting like a Flamingo, so I had to put my foot down.
76xpa3 A guy we'll call Bob left the company I was at.  A year or two later he started recruiting people from our company, I was interested so I flew out for an interview.  First five interviews went great.  Seemed like a good group to work with.  The final interview was with the HR director.  It went okay and then we got to the pay part.  I said I wanted X amount.  She said the average pay for my experience and position was X - 20k.  My response was "Bob didn't fly me out here because I'm average,"  I have no idea why I said that, but I got the job and the pay I wanted.  Months later when we were getting drinks Bob brought that up.  Apparently HR director thought I was very quiet and introverted from our interview so my response caught her even more off guard than it caught me.
7pny5m Being around driven and accomplished people.   I realized the joy they felt after they accomplished a milestone was far greater than any happiness I felt by doing nothing. When they rested they *rested* and when they partied they partied hard. It was amazing to see people living edge to edge on life and pushing themselves to their limits because *they can*.  And I've always wondered what can I do? It may not be as great as them, but it's better than if I'd done nothing. And I can build on successes.
5q303f Get an iron ball bearing, heat it to 5000 degrees and then put a layer of dirt and salt water on it. 
7dljcy So let's say you live in a place where your Senator and Representative already oppose NN. What else can you do besides shell out money?  *edit: I'm an idiot. All great answers. But I had meant to seriously ask what if your people already SUPPORT NN, oppose its rollback. Craptastic of me to mess that up.
76pi61 I was walking down the street when I saw a rusty nail in the road. I picked it up and threw it into an empty house's yard (not helpful I know). After I threw the nail a man came out of what I thought was an empty house and shouted to me. I freaked out (thinking it was about the nail) and kept walking towards my house. The guy didn't sound mad but I couldn't make out what he was saying. He started following me to the street and gesturing me to come over but my gut told me to keep on walking. I get home and see from my house the empty house is now surrounded by cops (At this point I still think it's about the nail). After awhile it gets worse and men in full gear show up.   I found out later that the house was indeed empty, the men inside were known criminals, and I very much almost ended up a hostage. Dodged the fuck out of that bullet. 
5t3rk4 I had this saved from [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1gwqm5/what_is_one_quick_easy_internet_shortcuttrick/)...  [Many more great tips here ](http://www.sweetsearch.com/TenSteps)    One very powerful, but undocumented, search tool, is the AROUND function. If you wanted to research Barack Obama's interactions with Australia, you could simply include both terms in a search, but you'd find thousands of articles in which these two terms may appear many paragraphs apart, and bear no relation to one another.  But if instead you search "obama" AROUND(10) "australia" then the first results will be one in which Obama appears within ten words of Australia. NOTE: for this to work, both search terms must be in quotes, AROUND must be capitalized, and the number must be in parentheses.  (-) Knowing how and when to use the minus sign in a search query. i.e. search George Washington -gwu.edu  &lt;number&gt;..&lt;number&gt; to search for a range of numbers. For example, 1..10  (*) as a wildcard in quoted search strings to stand for one or many unknown words. "The * cat" will return things like The angry cat, the big brown cat...  (+) will ensure that a word is included in every search result. (per u/izerth, google got rid of the + operator, so now you have to put " around single words or use search tools-&gt;results-&gt;verbatim)   Quotes surrounding a phrase will ensure that exact phrase turns up.  Triple quotes """word""" will get you 'actual verbatim' and leave out what google thinks is relevant  (thank you u/heauxmeaux)  filetype: .whatever will make sure URLs have that extension at the end.  inurl: some.words_here will make sure whatever follows shows up in the URL. Good for refining your search by domain name.  intitle:word returns sites with 'word' in the title bar - aslo useful for index or mp4, mp3  site:sitename.com will return only results from that site  add 'forum' to the search to find others with the same question (thank you u/dissectingAAA)  Add synonyms: Google adds some automatically - To add your own - Custom Search &gt; Search features &gt; Synonyms tab &gt; Add Type a search term, and then add one or more synonyms for that term. Click OK. to search simultaneously for the synonyms of that word.   Use Google Scholar- https://scholar.google.com/ to find only relevant articles from academics, case studies, etc.  Great for medical as well.  That's all I can remember off the top of my head. So if you search for "lincoln park -square -oak" you have narrowed the search in a very useful way.
5secgd Whenever they sleep, they dream of being at work
7muly2 In 8th grade, there was this pretty girl that I sat next to who had a reputation for being depressed and sleeping around. In retrospect, she probably had a lot of emotional issues from her upbringing.  One day, she asked me, “What would you do if I died?”  The first that came to mind was: “I’d probably use your desk to put my  books on”
7g44fb Banff National Park in Alberta, Canada.  The most beautiful place I’ve ever visited.
6d1aky [deleted]
73e8s1 I didn't work in admissions, but I have worked in billing/financial aid. They're under the same branch (enrollment mgmt) so we had to go to a lot of the same events/seminars.    At one point, we learned that some students don't realize that financial aid is a possibility for them. Students coming from difficult backgrounds at huge schools with maybe one guidance counselor per 100+ students don't get the help they need when applying. I definitely understand that a student might not see the point in telling the difficult story of their lives, but it can really help your chances. In many ways, all we have to go on to learn about you is that essay. If you've got average grades, no extracurriculars, and you write a generic essay about how you've always wanted to be in such-and-such career, you're less likely to be noticed.    Don't be afraid to personalize your application. If you let the admissions team know that you were working two jobs after school to help your family pay rent, that really says a lot about you. We can read between the lines and see that's why your application may not be stellar in other areas.    As a former billing counselor, I want to throw in some extra things here.    1. Don't be afraid to apply to your dream school just because you can't afford it. They may be able to give you more help than you realize.   2. That said, if you do get into your dream school, but the financial stars aren't aligning, really weigh your options before you take on that extra debt. You can transfer in from another school to save money (my college even specifically partnered with another and gave those students transfer aid [which typically wasn't a "thing"]). Really research your options. Some colleges (like mine, a private school) won't give aid to transfers, only those coming in as freshman. BUT, that could still mean savings in the end. Others are fine with transfer aid. And it's okay to ask them about it.    A DEGREE IS WHAT YOU MAKE IT. I wish that I could have said this to every student and parent who cried to me that Private College I Worked At was their DREAM SCHOOL, and can't we *please* give them more financial aid?? (Edit: to be clear, I'm not mocking them. It was heartbreaking.) We didn't have more aid to give. Please, think about your future. On more than one occasion, I witnessed a student turning down a large scholarship to another college for little to no aid from us because DREAM SCHOOL. I couldn't tell them not to do that, so I'm telling you. PLEASE. A degree is what you make it.  Look at your other options.
7x2sbj Sam Walton,  Dude started Walmart as an American store with only items made in America.  He'd probably dig a hole to the factories that make his product.
5y7mnl 97 - sarcastic, grungy, smoking more cigarettes, more clique-y and edgy   07 - petty, attention starved, overwhelmed, but much nicer   17 - under so many layers of irony and memes they dont even know who they are anymore or care. there's no point in being creative or devolving a personality, anything you could think of has already been done.  
66nkym Not exactly declassified, but everyone should know about the [Radium Girls](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radium_Girls).  The TL;DR is that young women were hired to paint clock faces and watch faces with radium so they'd glow in the dark. The young women were specifically told to use their lips and tongue to shape the paint brushes into a nice point so they'd get clean sharp lines.  Naturally they got horrible cancer, their teeth fell out, and their jaws rotted.   With the willing collaboration of several doctors, the company smeared any woman who tried to sue them or bring attention to the problem as an evil promiscuous slut who was suffering from advanced syphilis. It worked and they were not believed for decades.
6l2sik I know a guy who has sent his life savings to a bunch of scammers claiming to have found truckloads of gold in Japanese trucks buried in 400 foot deep shafts in the the Philippines at the end of WWII and they just need a little more money to get the shaft deeper.
7n7bpu Deaf kid at school said (in sign language) that his inner monologue is in sign language.
5lfl9l I work at a bar, I tried to take a spoon back from someone who was leaving, but he wouldn't let me have it. He kept insisting that someone had knighted him with it. Hope you got home ok spoon knight...
7lnw5g Trying to open a beer you thought was a twist top.
7v7kbd Went swimming and my feet were at first wet then covered in sand so I walked back to the car barefoot.  left my shoes on the roof of the car by accident.  Only one was there when I got home.
7ui180 Had a positive what the fuck moment in Greece in the eastern Peloponnese where I saw a guy walk down to the end of a pier and throw an actual fucking trident into the Aegean and pull out a wriggling octopus. Dude walked up the beach and handed it over the deck railing to a chef. 
7mcyft Not a sensation, but something I see. My eyesight isn’t very good and when I’m not wearing my glasses I can see like.. static. Just millions of tiny little dots everywhere. It’s not like it blinds me from seeing what’s in front of me; it’s just..there. It’s like I’m seeing all the little molecules that make up the air, walls, tv, couch, etc. static is the only thing I can describe it as. 
7n1k8n It used to be such a niche market when I started over a decade ago. After my divorce my friends wife asked me what would separate me from other people in the dating market. I replied with "I eat ass". She said "Dude everyone eats ass now". I had to up my game. No more one trick pony.
6gmrji When I was around 4, I was molested by my cousin who was babysitting me.  I told on her and she committed suicide. 
73ak9d Start watching the news because if he needs to lay low for a while, some serious shit is about to go down 
7f3582 I think I would forget 95% of the dream in the first 10 minutes. 
65tesl To have a car that runs like a dream, never needs gas, and regenerates any damage (but sheds any attempt at painting it or cleaning it past how it is received, with the exclusion of license plates and tabs being placed on it) and thus never needs repairs or tune-ups, functionally perfect and safe BUT looks super shitty and almost embarrassingly unimpressive.  Like... a 1990 Pontiac Trans Sport with chipped paint and rust, some cosmetic dents and scratches, and the passengers door has to be opened from the inside of the car.  So I'd never really have have to worry about driving expenses, but realistically I'd never have any reason to get a decent looking vehicle.  It'd basically make one aspect of my life kind of permanently shitty.
6w5ozm I work in Fire and EMS. When patients quit taking their blood pressure medication because they don't have high blood pressure anymore. That's because it's working nitwit! Or seizure medication. Or diabetes medication. 
6isl6x Perhaps not entirely what the question asked, but I need to get this off my chest.   About 10 years ago, I was asked to come in for an interview for selling Bose speakers at one of their B2B outlets. It was an entirely professional deal, and the HR guy on the phone could not stress enough how important knowledge about sound systems was. So I go in and only one other guy shows up. We assume they need more people, so we both fancy our chances. only thing is this guy has no idea how speakers work, no idea what or who Bose is, and displayed a generally carefree attitude. At least he was wearing a shirt and not a polo with his jeans and sneakers.  I get called first, and my interview went on for over 30 minutes, getting grilled about all things imaginable and then some more. I was pretty confident about the material ('coz I knew that stuff!) and I thought it went really well. So i come out and this guy is shitting bricks because he did not realize this was a "serious job interview." We had built up some rapport while waiting, so when he asked me if I could wait for him for some moral support (we were headed back to the same area too), I said okay.  His interview lasted 5 minutes. He walked out with an offer letter. All they asked him was his name and his background. I was politely asked to reapply after 12 months.   This guy was equally confused. He was not a scumbag, in fact, he was a really nice guy. But even when you are selling high end conference room sound systems to people who have no time to even listen to your pitch, Bose wanted good looks over skills.  Did I mention this guy looked like a cross between Christopher Reeve and Elvis Presley?
7xqg0q It was a shop that refurbished train suspension hydraulics. 40% of the guys were missing atleast part of a finger, maintainence guy was missing 4 on one hand and 1.5 on another. Half the guys were high and the guy training me stormed out half way through the second day.  I was like yeeaaah, I'm just going to dip out now...
6cluoj Several years ago, my cousin went in for a tattoo at the shop from 'Inked'. The one in Vegas. It was an 'off' filming day, so NONE of the artists from the show were in. He got his tattoo started, and they asked him to come back in a few weeks when it was healed up to schedule an appointment to finish it. When he showed up, filming for the season was finished. The shop was closed, cleaned out, and the space was for sale.
72r8mx Chasing after a paper blowing on the ground
7wtyaw The grocery store I work at already donates a lot to the local food bank. Many try to donate as much as they can because the company can use the donations as a tax write-off. We also donate to several local schools and group homes.  And most all the perishables that can't be donated are collected and composted by a local farm, not trashed.
6klt5o Harrison Ford.  Her: "I love him!"  Me: "I know." 
6rcx2u I'm actually retired and living on a modest pension, debt and mortgage free so I am now able to pursue my hobby of being happy.   (I discovered a few years ago that my 'ambition' as written in my high school yearbook was to be happy.)  I happily read up on the latest news every morning while sipping my fresh brewed coffee...   I happily cook and bake and try new recipes and eat food that isn't processed...  I happily started taking art classes and learning about sketching and acrylics and watercolours...  I happily wake up without an alarm clock, which means 'when I've had enough sleep'...   I happily embrace each day and feel grateful that I found and reached this point in my life.    I soon realized once I retired that my ambition was the go back to what my dreams and aspirations were when I was a kid and in elementary school, before 'life' and 'puberty' and 'peer pressure' sent me veering off to an unfulfilling, empty, bottomless path.  Still appreciate hitting near bottom because it now makes me appreciate what I've now got.    Life is good.  I love my life.   
7imtu7 Imagine if they all just disappeared without a trace one day, rapture-style. Tabloids would collapse, all the characters is the new Marvel movie or whatever would be played by Law and Order extras. 
70n5b2 Instead of a specialized test, I'd rather have mandatory education on child development and unencumbered sex ed for everyone. And maybe once you're pregnant there's a refresher course.  Ignorance a lot easier to fight than biology.
5k5uo3 My family consists of me, my brother, and our dad.  Dad's family and friends pity us from afar.  We're all we've got left.  And, lately, we've been kind of sick of each other.    Dad seems to take his frustration over being unemployed and disabled since his stroke out on us, acts like a stubborn child.  I can't tell whether its out of spite or actual senility.    My brother has depression and bipolar, and is unemployed of course.  If he's not at his out-patient therapy program, he's home sleeping most of the day.  I can hear him snoring right now.  I'm pretty much their caretaker.  I go to work, I come home and cook and clean.  I find distractions to keep my anger at them in check.  When holidays come around, it gets harder and harder to care every year.  Traditions and customs erode away.  We stopped decorating the house.  We stopped decorating the pre-lit tree.  I stick a couple gifts in a single box for each of us and wrap it.  I still make a nice Christmas dinner, but this year I'm not dragging out the good china or flatware.  Who are we trying to impress?  Around the holidays you seek out friends and family and celebrate being together.    My family is growing tired of pretending to still be one.
6m09lk [The Wiki Game](http://thewikigame.com/). Basically you must go to a specific wiki article starting from a random non-related article just by clicking links in the page. 
6v9uy8 These answers will be lifted and reposted online as a click bait article, making money off other people's writing for almost no effort.
6hl62g Cost? That's like getting 2 superpowers for the price of one.  Immortality and the ability to divine the future.  Depending on the type of immortality in question, I would definitely accept.  Would probably end up going full supervillain with it, though.  Either that or Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court style of mad wizard.
2np694 Mentos
7nabyg That kids had to help pay the bills. :(
64ndvj Black out all customers, have it up and running a week later and add an extra charge to everyone's bill for "Maintenance" 
6f6l8s When I was 10 we had a 14 year old German Shepard who was getting very sick. I was home alone momentarily as my mom went to the neighbors to pick up a book or something. Our German Shepard came over, convinced me to walk outside with him and started licking my hands, looked at me, and ran away jumping the fence and he never came back. He was so loyal and good that to this day noone believes me and thinks he was stolen because he would never leave.   I'm almost certain he did that because he didn't want us to see him die and he wanted to go to the massive forest area and do his thing. I miss you buddy  EDIT: Wow some amazing replies here. I'm glad to know all our pets love us in this way and that they care like they do. Much love   EDIT2: Those of you wondering why noone believes a kid on something that does happen a lot was that we lived in Iran at the time and the dogs (especially rare purebreds) we're usually stolen so my family thought it was a result of that. 
5hnxux Asking the important questions. Unfortunately you forgot the [serious] tag op. Now it's just going to be another hydrostatistic circlejerk.
6portr The Roots
5xgf2m City council hired another medic. Older dude with long hair, not that that matters. He was new to the scene recently completing the course.   Guy why awesome to hang out with. Went to the bar with the younger emts, played video games, etc.   At first I thought he was cool but as I observed his work (I was his superior and did his probationary eval) I noticed something was off.   At the private council meeting I spoke openly about this in his 30 day review. I stated something was off. He didn't seem like a people person and generally the type that would do this job.   They said that I had no grounds to state that he wasn't suited and that he did his job as described.   I countered with the fact that when caring for people being a people person is an unwritten rule and that doing your job without caring leads to mistakes, and in our job field a mistake means death.   They weren't having it so I finally said "look in this job field you need to learn to read people and in telling you that something isn't right here"  City council told me that basically I was jealous because he got along with the emts. Honestly I could careless, I'm not in this job for them.   Fast forward a month and I get a call from an er about an hour from us. They said that their report said the patient was administered 80mg of drug x.  The patient denied receiving it and since they couldn't figure out wtf the medic would have even given it they ran a tox panel on him which showed that he did not receive it.   The doc told me normally he'd let it slide as an error and ask me to speak to him about accuracy, but he felt something was off.   I thanked him and after hanging up pulled the trip sheets. Right in the run report it has the drug, the amount given, and the time.   I pulled up the narcotics log. It showed drug given and replenished along with the tag numbers.   Next I called a friend of mine who is a local cop and was off duty at the time. He came over and I opened the other medics narc box. Sure enough it had been opened and replaced.   We then went through his logs for the past 2 months he had been working and located at least 12 times drugs had been given when probably not needed.   I called the er doc back and explained to him and his exact quote "here's my personal phone number and our lawyers number. I'll fax you over a written statement along with the test results.  I'll see if we have anything on other patients he brought in"  My buddy then called dispatch to tell the council members there was an emergency at the station and they need to come in.   When they got there we showed them all the evidence and what we suspected. Within 15 minutes we not only had the da approval but also a judge sign an arrest warrant.   Turns out the dude admitted to having a 20 year pain killer addiction that he ran out of sources so he figured being a medic would give him easy access. He even told the judge he was worried that he would have killed someone just for the meds.   At the trial I was asked for what resolution I wanted. I told the judge being a paramedic I've seen how drugs change a person and that I don't hold him fully responsible. On my recommendation he got 3 months in a locked drug rehab facility followed by 6 months of house arrest.   4 years later the dude is clean and runs a fund raiser to help raise money for the end to provide anonymous narcan services and drug awareness programs.   Today this guy would be an honored member of my crew. Addiction literally changes people.   The end result is I now am solely responsible for hiring the medics, reviewing, and dismissal. I no longer need to justify to council why someone was dismissed. This job is one where a gut feeling decides someone's fate. 
64qx7m edit: My earliest memory (not related to NK) is from 1984. The following is an account from around 1984-1987.  I remember propaganda cartoons on TV - from the 70s - that showed communists as animals. There was a series called 똘이장군 where there was a young boy who fought communists, who were shown as animals. I found some videos on YouTube, for example: https://youtu.be/PNxySc3L7-I?t=53m20s  On one hand we were taught that reunification should be the goal, and we sang a song titled "Our Wish is Unification," but on the other hand, we were taught that communists were evil and they did horrible things, axe-murdering American soldiers at the Panmunjeom (a neutral meeting place), ~~slicing~~ tearing open the mouth of a young boy who shouted "I don't like communists/the communist party" (the kid is said to have died and there was a monument at his home town or something).  The north were said to be digging tunnels to surprise-attack the south, and if you went to the borders you could visit the tunnels yourself - that had luckily been discovered beforehand.  Propaganda materials from the north could be found in the countryside (dropped from balloons? scattered by spies?) and if you found them and turned them in to your teacher, you could get pencils as a reward.  There were said to be undercover agents living among us, northern spies pretending to be from the south. If somebody didn't know the latest fads you'd ask them "are you a spy?" as a joke. We were taught to be suspicious of people who weren't aware of current events.
7tfnk5 I worked at Starbucks and a woman ordered her coffee at 140 degrees in the drive thru. She walks back in the cafe after pulling out and complains that her coffee was 139 degrees because she has a thermometer in her car and she demands it be remade. I laughed at her and asked if she was joking and she demanded to see my manager. My manager remade it but I didn’t get in any trouble. She was ridiculous but Starbucks’ policy is to remake anything if a customer asks for it.   Another time there was a long wait during rush hour in the morning and I apologized to a guy that it was taking a long time to get his white mocha to him. He glared at me and yelled, “you don’t really mean you’re sorry!” and refused to be cordial. He continued to look at me with disdain for the next few minutes. It made me super sad at the time. I really was sorry! Asshole. I learned not to be affected by shitty people so much as I got older. 
6yggcg My dad was a cook around Philly for a while. He would make Italian subs where the meat was used to tuck the lettuce, onion, tomato, cheese into the roll so when you bit it, nothing moved around.    Btw life pro tip: study the food fat guys make for themselves. 
7sml19 Tourette's with coprolalia (involuntary swearing). Only about 10% of Tourette's patients have this symptom. Because of this misconception, I would also say that having Tourette's is more common than you would think (1 in every 160 children between 5 and 17, or 1 in 100 children if including all tic disorders, according to Tourette Association of America - https://www.tourette.org/about-tourette/overview/what-is-tourette/).
7si0aq Hey, a question I can answer!  I had just recently arrived in the system after sitting in county for a while, so was still in Diagnostics where all your processing like medical and affiliations and job placement stuff happens. I remember being still asleep when a guard turned on the lights and rolled the TV into the dorm. (Intake's had been torn down by the last batch, or maybe the batch before them.)  I remember my bunk was right by the plug, so I could sit there and be right to the side of the TV. My house was popular for a few days, lol.   Everyone was confused at first, "What the hell boss, why you waking us up?", but his demeanor showed that something serious was up. Big grey-headed dude, usually jovial, was like "Y'all quiet down and look at this." We thought it was just a crash at first, but he answered, "No, we're under attack."  I'm not super sure about the timeline--he must have brought it on shortly after the Pentagon got hit? I remember seeing one of the towers fall, at least, but the memory is fuzzy. We were one somber bunch of hoodlums, though.   They left the TV in the dorm all that day, and most of the next. Like others have said, we didn't go out for a few days. We didn't go full lockdown, because they kept running the diagnostic stuff, but I can't speak for the rest of the camp.  Among the inmates, it was gossip as usual, hyped to the walls. There's gonna be a war, they're gonna let us out, gonna write my recruiter and get outta here, blah blah blah. The couple middle-eastern looking guys got some shit, but no beatings, at least in my pod. Again, stuck in intake so dunno about the rest of the camp. There was perhaps an increased sense of camaraderie, and lotsa talk from the veterans in the group.  I guess I've never really thought about that morning from the perspective of anyone other than myself or a New Yorker before. Strange memory. Thanks for asking, person. 
7wohjx I live in NYC and there are a few restaurants with a no-tipping policy. They provide a salary and health benefits to their staff. Overall the food is a little pricier, but without tipping it evens out. I enjoy it more because I don't feel like they are constantly trying to upsell me and the social interaction doesn't feel monetized. It's nice 
7p7wo1 Learn that no job is below you if you currently have none.  There’s probably a lot of good jobs I never considered because I was so focused on “something in my major.”  That major is all well and good, until it’s time to pay the bills and you find yourself a part time worked at a local news station.  My job now is nowhere near my major, but it pays benefits and I’ve got holidays and weekends of for the first time in 6 years.
7oz9mt Professor claimed she didn’t allow people to step out of class to use the bathroom.  “You’re all adults, not children, you can hold it.”  Exactly lady.  We’re adults, we paid to be here, and adults have to use the bathroom.
76r87v There is a snake that lives in the wall along the stairs leading to my basement. He has his area, and I have mine, and we respect each other's space.
69r98j The most depressing shit I saw was a tired looking couple who brought in their bespectacled, NASA shirt wearing, 8 year old geek of a son in to have some fun. The parents couldn't have been more discouraging to him. He was excitedly bouncing around the room pointing out things that he thought were clues clues while the parents dismissed every idea he had and told him to stop getting so excited. The parents took charge and proceeded to ignore the obvious clues he was pointing out and spent most of the time pursuing dead ends. Sad part is his instincts were more often than not correct but his parents just didn't listen and refused to let him explore and try stuff out.  Hopefully his curiosity and enthusiasm survives them. 
6m78jh A better question might be.....People in the front of the plane, why the hell does it take you so long to get out the door? They stand up, try to go back 7 rows to get their overhead bag, take a jacket out, take time putting it on, put their other shit away, brush away the salt from their free peanuts, fix their hair, tie their shoes, etc, while the rest of us stand there, in row 30, waiting 20 minutes to get off a damn plane!!
7hq4ua The soap opera.  These serials were usually sponsored by soap companies (aimed at housewives).  The association has gone away but the name stuck.
7s36ub Bill and Hillary Clinton have an open marriage, but when Bill got caught with Monica Lewinsky, they felt it would be easier for the voters to accept Bill couldn't keep it in his pants than accepting a poly First Couple.   Also apparently Hillary had an affair with someone in the 1980s. 
7yvhmi [Flight From Death](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RH7686gJgj8). An award winning documentary about one of the most [empirically tested ideas in psychology](http://wayback.archive.org/web/20150312001658/http://www.psych-it.com.au/Psychlopedia/article.asp?id=74) that sprung out of a [Pulitzer Prize winning book](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Denial_of_Death).  The basic ideal is fear of death drives some immortality project in all of us, ranging from religion(particularly fundamentalist religion) to fame to politics to procreation.  When we feel our immortality project is under assault (for example, just hearing about someone who disagrees with our religion), we react with the same kind of violent emotions we would have if our lives were under attack. It also works the other way: When we are reminded of death, we become less tolerant of the "other".  It's basically the closest thing we have to a metatheory of motivation, and shows our death anxiety is largely responsible for things as important as building civilizations and making war. It's obviously not comprehensive(we're far too complex to always boil down to one motivation), but the effect shows up an amazing number of places.
76i733 Imagine opening the PDFs with a more powerful tool, and you find that the black redactions are a separate removable layer...
6zm3uo I decided to google the username I used for ~7 years when I was a kid. Not a single hit. I was baffled since I never took any steps to erase its presence, and also I was very active at the time. This was during the time that I learned basic HTML so I had several shitty Angelfire pages with the name all over them, and I'm sure more shitposting on forums than I have accomplished in my entire life since then. The best explanation I can think of is that I discontinued use of that name around 2001 or so, and the Internet is such a different place now that it must have vanished into the mists of the before time.  edit: While I still haven't found my old username, despite helpful suggestions like archive.org and using Bing to get irrelevant and antiquated results, thinking about this *did* remind me of a website I used to spend a lot of time on, and to my surprise [it's still there](http://www.world-of-nintendo.com/), and essentially unchanged at that.  I actually did find a review I posted on this site, under what I guess was a throwaway name, but I sadly can't point it out because I also linked it to my e-mail at the time which contained a reference to my real name and that's still visible on the site.
7t1dff Rats op pls nerf, I'm a Lion main and it's impossible to win against rats, ever.
75koqp Not me but my dad (in the 60s).  He won a radio contest to go see "A Hard Day's Night" at the local movie theater (all shows were sold out).  He was really psyched to see it because he was a big Beatles fan.  The screaming girls were SO loud every time the Beatles faces appeared that he couldn't hear any dialogue.  He left in the middle of the show.    Also fun fact:  The Beatles US concerts were notorious for being so loud with young girls screaming that most people couldn't hear the music.  They didn't even bother tuning their guitars.  But then when they came to Japan, the crowd really wanted to hear so they were fairly silent and they had to stop the show to get all the instruments tuned up and mic'd properly.
6jreum Hi everyone!  While the thread itself is marked NSFW, we request that you still mark your comments as such if they are linking to NSFW material.  Thank you!
7rmd0j "How much sawdust can you put into a Rice Krispie Treat before people start to notice?"
7e0ttg  Was on both ends as a deaf person myself.   on one side: This one time the cashiers at a store realized I was deaf, and so started talking to each other about me when they thought I wasn't looking... they also didn't know I had my hearing aids and could lipread. Their comments weren't anything too negative, it was mostly the typical comments about deaf people by people who were completely clueless about how deafness worked.   When I brought my stuff to the checkout I kindly reminded them that it's a pretty bad idea to talk about somebody thinking that they can't understand what you're talking about... because the chances are that they do in fact understand what you're talking about.    The look on their faces were completely classic.  on the other side: One time my best friend and I were people watching at the mall, and we randomly started rating the men around us. In sign language, of course. There was this one dude sitting near us and we start rating his looks and his body. I said that he looked like he had a nice butt, and that his eyes were really beautiful, with the color of the deep ocean. so I rated him a 10/10.   Then he came over to us,and then told us in sign language: "Thanks for the compliments, ladies. you really made my day, haha."  We were both so shocked and embarrassed. heh.
7xu99y My province doesn't allow the sale of M rated games to those under 18 years of age.  I expect this will work just as well 
7qf7ov I started off trying to wake up my roommates to no avail. Then, in extreme denial, I walked outside my home to see if everyone else was hysterically preparing for a disaster. There were crowds of people running to their cars from the beach, the freeway was completely blocked, and yet there were also elderly people who didn’t get a notification just watering their lawn as if nothing was happening. After the 5min outside which felt like an hour I walked back in to see my roommates awake switching through channels and seeing a banner on every channel that warned us to seek shelter, stay to the floor, and away from windows. Then I received a frantic call from my mom (from California) in tears saying how much she loved me then calling my dad and two sisters saying it could be the last time they might talk to me. My sister (12) felt so rushed and said she loved me but didn’t know what else to say. I could hear my other sister (6) say “How could Ryan be dying? There’s no way!” At this point my biggest fear was no longer dying, it was the thought of my family I’m leaving behind. I told them how I live in an area with low population and away from military bases and I should be fine with my water and food reserves. Mid call I receive an incoming call from my uncle who lives on island. I figured he had important news that was relevant so I told my family I had to hang up. He told me it was a false alarm, I proceeded to tell everyone else. And that concluded my most stressful 30min ever.
7e8r3x Paying invoices late, especially BIG companies that pay a few months late.  It kills small business, and seems to be quite normal here in the UK
73nd39 Launch a music career? Mate, this is Kim Jong.. he tells the people he can sing and is triple platinum in every city in NK, has sold 70,000,000 records worldwide and when ever asked by the loyal fans to perform live, his advisors just tell everyone that his supreme voice is so heavenly that the human brain wouldn’t be able to process it. He doesn’t need to Launch anything, they have no choice but to buy the 90 minute blank CD deluxe edition.
5z4b1u A Mexican magician says he will disappear on the count of 3. He says "uno, dos..." *poof*. He disappeared without a tres.
7kkorz The United States hasn’t minted any new Purple Heart medals since World War II. We’ve been using the stockpile that was prepared in anticipation of a ground invasion of Japan.
6mdrze The "You won a TV / $5,000 / bass boat!" scams at car dealerships.  Generally, you get a flyer in the mail that says "scratch off x to see if you won!"  You always "win" the biggest prize but when you read the fine print, you actually only win the right to spin some wheel or put your name in a box for a drawing.  The employees' friends and family always actually get the boat / TV / cash. Your "win" is just a tactic to get you into the dealership.  A fun thing to do is waste the manager's time.  Go to the dealership, "prize" flyer in hand. Find an nice car. One with all of the options. Ask for every dealer add on they offer and tell them you don't want to waste time negotiating, you have cash. Talk to the manager, and keep going back to him/her. Insist on a test drive with the manager. Convince them you want to buy the car, and get to the paperwork phase.   Then, just before you sign, inform them that they haven't sold you a car. They've sold you on the idea of buying a car. Get the manager's card and tell them you'll be dropping their card in a hat with other dealership manager's cards. A card will be selected at random and that dealership manager will be notified by mail in 4 to 6 weeks. Let them know that the actual car you buy may not be the one used in your "promotion."  Update: thank you kind stranger!
7i0s1o A guy I know constsantly looked so tired and napped all the time during the day.  He would nap so hard that you would have to shake him to wake him up, and he could fall asleep anywhere super fast.  I asked him about it and he told me he felt tired all the time because he couldn't sleep at night, he figured he just had insomnia or something but refused to go to a doctor about it.  One day he had a legit mental breakdown after a few drinks, we basically had to babysit him all night and I'm convinced it was because of his constantly exhausted state.   Not long after that incident he went to the doctor about his sleep and it turns out he had been living with sever sleep apnea for years.  The doctor told him he was basically on the verge of a heart attack or stroke because of it.  Now he sleeps with a special mask at night and he has completely changed for the better.  He visibly has way more  emergy and his performance in school  went through the roof.    Edit: I have got tons of comments from this post saying it inspired people to go have an appointment with a doctor, to which I say good!  I can't stress enough how much getting treatment helped my friend.  It's fortunate such a debilitating condition has such an effective and immediate treatment available for it, so by all means go check it out! Take care.
6o7zay Hahaha!   My work did that.  Step 1: if you switch to salary, we will switch your schedule to a 4 day work week! Step 2: make employees work the fifth day because we can't reschedule the morning meetings. 
7bl4aq If you ever need help, then please know that there are many qualified people who would like to help you.  https://www.iasp.info/resources/Crisis_Centres  http://www.befrienders.org/  http://www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org/GetHelp/LifelineChat.aspx   http://www.samaritans.org/how-we-can-help-you [UK]  https://www.lifeline.org.au/Get-Help/ [AU]  There are crisis services worldwide that are trained to provide support. They are designed to give temporary relief from feelings that are overwhelming you and while they are unlikely to fix any underlying problems, can help you get through a tough hour/night/week. Chat services are usually available on these sites. In the US, calling 211 or going to their website is a free referral source. They have providers who will see you regardless of your ability to pay. Just as you would see a doctor when you are sick, you deserve to take care of your mental health.
7cv2f0 My time to shine.  I used to work at a printing press that also duplicated/replicated discs; meaning, all of that physical inventory you see in stores like DVD's, and CD's were made by us - BUT...we were cheaper than most places, so unsigned bands were our proverbial bread and butter. I had the privilege of listening to some of the most amazing music that flew under the radar. Here's a dump of great underdogs, some were done by us, but most are just merely criminally underrated. I don't endorse any of these bands, and haven't worked at the press for nearly 5 years.   [Brick + Mortar *Seven Years in the Mystic Room*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QTj_16nI8g0) - Experimental Rock/HipHop - You might have heard their cover of Jimi Hendrix on the Hitman soundtrack, but all of their albums are fucking stunning.  [RX Bandits *Gemini, Her Majesty*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lzh3YBr5q9A&amp;list=PLY944k5l1aEAGtjQb_VFuHWool6MQU4rl) - Experimental rock/ska - Insanely talented band that I've seen live without knowing who they are. They're directly connected to one of my other favorite bands listed below, The Sound of Animals Fighting which has the addition of Circa Survive/Saosin Vocalist Anthony Green.  [The Sound of Animals Fighting *The Ocean and the Sun*](https://youtu.be/t3o4mI_we-w?t=42) - They get weird, real weird. But this is their last album, and probably their most normal album as their previous two had weird interludes, but the songs are fantastic on all three albums. Insanely underrated band.  [Midlake *The Courage of Others*](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL966A18A46DF49050) - Stoner folk/reminiscent to Fleet Foxes but with more somber toned vocals. Just fucking listen to this goddamn album, it's beautiful.   [IllScarlett *All Day With It*](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL115D5B0EB29637DA) - Stoner Ska, but a very talented Canadian band. Catchy tunes, and I realllllly fucking wish I could locate my physical copy of this album as it's difficult to find their tunes on YT.  [The Mountain Goats *Tallahassee*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2rwLkEpxSC0&amp;list=PL68EF2BAA7E6782C4) - Gut wrenching and beautiful lyrics. Folk music.  [MeWithoutYou *Catch For Us the Foxes*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UDKlKOP6fDI) - Drop what you're doing, and listen to this goddamn album while reading each and every gorgeous lyric. Seriously has one of the best lyricists of the past few decades, the dude is a goddamn marvel that has some serious anguish in his voice.  [Levi Weaver *The Letters of Dr. Kurt Gödel*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W5NgHvDebZo) Insanely talented folk/experimental musician, and sensational songwriter. I wish I could find more of his music, but this is one of the songs from that album. [He also does a kickass cover of Radiohead's *Idioteque*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VA8-NX_LW7A)  [Authority Zero *A Passage in Time*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPH9NGNviO0) Ska/Rock Just a great fucking album, and makes me think of Tony Hawk Pro Skater.  [Reid Willis *Born of Kaleidoscope*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nhx2gseZNxI) - Ambient/Electronic This album is fantastic, as is all his work, but his music is also difficult to track down.  [Patrick Sweany *Every Hour is a Dollar Gone*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VqTFga1IOjY&amp;list=PLL04X9v_QXgE820r1Y89JkLL-oFWqv3Ij) - Rock and Roll/Blues. This dude has passion, and is incredibly talented, but sadly doesn't get noticed frequently. This album was produced by Dan Auerbach from The Black Keys.  [Pegasus Dream *In Abesntia*](https://soundcloud.com/pegasusdream/sets/rootmusic-bandpage-1) - Practically no views, very few listens, this is basically underground and I can't figure out why as it's a very well done dream-pop album. I hate pop...Why the fuck do I love this album...  [Walking Oceans *Dear Isaac*](https://soundcloud.com/terrence-vitali/sets/walking-oceans-dear-isaac) Ambient instrumental - Incredibly well put together music, with virtually no views on sound cloud. I had this album on nonstop repeat at my desk for the entire duration of their project. On par with Explosions in the Sky, in my opinion.  [Radiation 4 *Wonderland*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ccHNTriMSrE&amp;list=PL851BD6D1D5E73A79) Experimental metal/math metal/circus metal - I don't even know where to begin. If you enjoy metal music, give this album a shot, it's ridiculously amazing. It seems they've taken influence from Mr. Bungle, and Sleepytime Gorilla Museum, but seem to be a bit more grounded (emphasis on "a bit"). Vocalist likes to use sound effects on his voice occasionally, which works very well with the circus vibe of their sound.  [Ellen Sundberg](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5XmOeJy6RmE) - Country/folk rock - I think my guitar mentor actually produced this album, which is the only reason why I know of her because I think she's from Iceland or something, but she's damn good. I really dislike country, but she leans more towards folk and has just the right amount of twang.  [Keaton Henson *Dear*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P02L2geOMGc) Actually reminds me a bit of Scout Niblett, and I'm not sure why. Just a dude and his guitar, very soft-spoken, and heartbroken.   [Sorne](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izb7R04_Heg) - Have no idea how to explain this dude. He's got really cool music videos, and his music is pretty amazing, but I can't categorize it's genre for the life of me. I jam to this song very frequently, and always watch the video in its entirety.  [Black Books](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mh69anIXeGE) - Sound very reminiscent to Band of Horses. This is my favorite song of theirs, but this video absolutely rips my heart out of my chest.  [Polica](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iz3WUEl_qHk) - Two drummers, a bassist, and a vocalist with a beautiful voice that uses  effects. Fairly poppy, but she's got some great lyrics, and the entire album of *Give You the Ghost* is fantastic. [Wandering Star](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yX4iIPlwS5c) is my favorite song by them, and the video is fantastic.  [Joanna Newsom](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fDQIGraR3aI) Lovely voice, if not quirky, and plays harp beautifully. She's also married to Andy Samberg  [Jesse Stewart](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZEvQOPUHGH8) Dude with a mandolin plays his heart out, but really love every one of his songs. He's a bit unorthodox, but he's got sincere passion in every one of his songs.  [Hyro Da Hero](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CE4hdJphnao) - Hip hop/rap they're all cookie cutter IMO, that rely on a typical beat. Not this dude. I believe the band members, or at least one(?), are from the hardcore group *The Blood Brothers*. Not huge on rap, but I really dig this guy, and the music packs a fucking punch.  [The Claypool Lennon Delirium](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aCpJUyAibew) - Les Claypool of *Primus* and John Lennon's son Sean Lennon. Good god this album is good, but very kooky which is to be expected because Les Claypool is an absolute nut.  [Sunny Day Real Estate *How it Feels to be Something On*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HcdghI0e7S0&amp;t=1535s) - Incredible indie band from my childhood that doesn't get the recognition they deserve.  [The Appleseed Cast *Two Conversations*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7U0bllvJUyQ&amp;t=1085s) - Amazing indie band with conservative use of vocals, but the music is stellar.  [Megafauna *Maximalist*](https://soundcloud.com/megafauna/sets/maximalist) Fantastic rock and roll. The old physical CD I had of theirs broke, and these soundcloud tracks seem to have been re-recorded/remastered as a few of my favorite tracks are missing, and it sounds completely different.   [COLOUR REVOLT](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zQqB4ri5_5c&amp;list=PLXp4edtig0vSgJE6R5Vf8Tj5ELt_Yw6V8) - Rock/Indie Rock - They have 3 albums, and they're all incredible. Easily one of my favorite bands of all time, but are criminally underrated. The lead vocalist put out a very chill album under a different name listed below, and it's so goddamn good.  [El Obo *Oxford Basement Collection*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mSZm6DBXkTU) Vocalist Jesse Coppenbarger for Colour Revolt released this experimental acoustic album. There are some serious Flaming Lips vibes on a few tracks. Incredible.  [Mad Gregs *Relatives*](https://soundcloud.com/mad-gregs-band) This album is an organized clusterfuck that is beautifully executed. When four talented multi-instrumentalists get together with a classical background, beautiful things happen. Heavy jazz influences, with some 80's pop undertones, experimental, and somehow has a Flaming Lips vibe in some areas, so they're probably the 2nd most polarizing on this list (next to Radiation 4). I'd start with track 8 - [Holiday Pearl](https://soundcloud.com/mad-gregs-band/08-holiday-pearl-1) which is just fantastic.  [Dr. Dog *Fate*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jgaj0LHnJXE) Probably the closes we're going to get to The Beatles during this generation, and they have multiple singers just like the Beatles as well. Great album with incredibly talented musicians. Old school rock and roll from young musicians. [Here's their Tiny Desk Concert starter pack](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jzmvzcDWZjI) in case you're uncertain whether you want to dive into their extensive discography.  [Dinosaur Jr. *Farm*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EfSo840sTmI&amp;list=PLFgtLCsn09X3qCEKh9SuPdE4xChLwUKlJ) Rock and Roll. Great album with great musicians. This band and Dr. Dog are what I refer to as "commercial underground". They're signed, but don't get the recognition they deserve. 
5bzjgp Sucks 
7fy3nf I only make active-aggressive comments. I hate you and I need you to know that.
6o5gsc [Jas Townsend and son](https://www.youtube.com/user/jastownsendandson) He recreates old cooking styles. He has a nice, calm voice and a lot of it's both interesting and relaxing.
6le8li I was eating lunch in the local park when I heard a rustling sound under the bench I was sat on. Then a squirrel ran out from underneath it carrying a full doughnut, sat on the grass in front of me and proceeded to eat the entire thing. http://imgur.com/eWRUz4L
6nod61 I grew up in New Jersey and, despite living in Queens and working in Manhattan (NY public library) for 40 years, the Olive Garden was always my grandma's FAVORITE restaurant. In high school (2001-2005) I would take the bus into the city to see her once every month or two.. we'd get lunch and see a show or go to a museum. Almost every single time, we met at the Times Square Olive Garden. Honestly.. salad and breadsticks aren't bad. (Though there were a million other restaurants I'd rather have eaten as a 15-18 year old). 
6t1ntr This will get super buried. Children's play is being increasingly cut out of schools and early years programming in an attempt to cram in more "academic" content. Thing is, young children learn more from play (including academic skills) than from classroom settings and flash cards. We're going to see much higher levels of developmental delays and mental health issues over the next few decades unless something changes soon.  Edit: Ok, so it turns out this didn't get buried at all. You can stop messaging me/commenting about it now. :P
6up8z6 Redefine "mud wrestling"
