68iz4q If authors 'covered' novels, the way musicians cover songs, which covered novel would you be most excited to read?
6k0p7l What are the best free online certificates you can complete that will actually look good on a resume?
7x639l What free software is so good you can't believe it's available for free?
7ym8um A British charity that helps victims of forced marriage recommends hiding a spoon in your underwear if your family is forcing you fly back to your old country, so that you get a chance to talk to authorities after metal detector goes off - have you or anyone else you know done this &amp; how did it go?
6ogsx8 How would you feel about a law requiring parents that receive child support to supply the court with proof of how the child support money is being spent?
7hhfs4 What are some red flags we should recognise within ourselves?
7fvwff People who do 30mph on an on ramp to a highway where the speed limit is 65mph. Why do you do this?
7rb2rh If they made a show called "White Mirror" that was about all the positive aspects of the human/technology relationship, what would be the plot of certain episodes?
7pblps What are some slang terms a 50 year old dad can say to his daughter to embarrass her?
5oqlz1 Trump reportedly has written his own inaugural address, how can we turn it into a drinking game?
70k2ya How would you feel about a law that requires people over the age of 70 to pass a specialized driving test in order to continue driving?
78qifg How would you feel about having a mandatory class in high school that teaches about budgeting, handling or avoiding debt, making good investments, signing important documents, job interviews, and other important adult life skills?
78vx3u Redditors, what started off as a small lie but then snowballed into "This is my life now?"
74vg2v Has anyone ever gone through with a marriage pact? You know, like a “if we’re not married by 30 we’ll marry each other”. How did it work out?
6cwk3b What was something you saw you were definitely not supposed to see?
7lky0y What cultural shift happened without people noticing?
5owb46 Has anyone ever seen a NSFW Reddit post of someone they know? What happened?
62zb08 What is the dumbest rule your school ever had?
7qte6c What is a very minor thing you do in secret, but people might look at your differently if they found out?
5esn1c What is your favourite podcast? Why/What's it about?
6c2ygc Your reddit account's entire comment history is sent back in time to the year 1997, and a selection of the Government's Top Men analyze it. What can they figure out about the future?
73iwyy What are some "one-hit wonders" in other fields besides music?
6n1drb Reddit, What is your favourite piece of useless trivia?
5p4dsl What if you found somebody online and fell in love but when you actually met in real life you found out that it was nothing but a moth who spent hours on a keyboard jumping from key to key to convince you to love it ,what would you do ?
780sf3 What’s something wrong you saw your parents doing as a kid, but didn’t realize it was wrong until you got older?
779sy4 What theory, phenomenon or idea blows your mind when you think about it?
5llwzm What hobby doesn't require massive amount of time and money but is a lot of fun?
5aih71 Which movie would be boring if its plot is literally its title?
7ak388 What would have been awesome if it hadn’t been so poorly executed?
5x2r6b Reddit, what are some "must see" documentaries?
74d777 What is your favorite moment in spongebob history?
72y7pa What is the most p​​lea​​san​​t and u​​pli​​ftin​​g fact you know?
727i3p Online gamers of reddit, what was the funniest insult you ever received?
6koiqv What is the funniest lie to tell kids?
5ugkwt [Serious] People who's spouses have died and are happily remarried, what's it like? do you still think about them? How does your partner feel about it?
654v2q How do you know when you're in love?
7okcds Pet owners of Reddit, what was the most intelligent thing your pet has done?
6nlhpg What can you tell me right now I'll instantly regret learning?
75ooiy Let's make an anti-bucket list. What is something you'll never do (again)?
77tsqe What legal thing would you ban if you could?
6rvad4 What innocent item gets weird if you own too much of it?
70tw2y What's the most NSFW thing you've experienced in a professional situation?
5w0vdq Hey men of Reddit, what are some romantic gestures that girls do that completely melt your heart?
7fbg2o What’s the best rant by a character in a movie?
7r9549 How do you survive working in a job you hate?
7hmmkm What was the most intense experience of your life?
5rft1b What happened to make you say "I'm never coming to this restaurant again"?
7d59cg What is something socially accepted if done by a man, but not if done by a woman?
6bnn6v What old insults need to make a comeback?
7um3k0 Deaf people of Reddit, what are some common things people unknowingly sign when they gesture with their hands while talking?
64ij2i What are the most important things to ask/check when viewing a new property to rent?
6wtdph Redditors that have switched political parties as they got older and did more research, where is the weirdest place you've had sex?
6b1lci Which fad were you most glad to see die?
7awmwe Non-British Redditors, what is one thing about British culture you would like to have explained to you?
71fl6i Which movie was really just a giant advertisement?
6agdax You get paid 500 an hour. What career would you STILL turn down for this price?
7gvot9 If North Korea actually bombed Japan, Europe, or the U.S., what would happen in the next few days?
5gw14z What is the hardest thing you have ever said no to?
6hcyxf What's the worst thing you've ever heard a teacher say at school?
5jgohu What was the "No Man's Sky" of other industries?
7sdfos Redditors who grew up with overly permissive parents, what was the most absurd thing you were allowed to do?
6039o7 If you woke up 5 years old but with all your memories leading up to this day, what would you do differently?
70ajbf What's classy if you're physically attractive but trashy if you're not?
5myrvl Doctors of reddit, what is your most surprising "I can't believe I need to have this conversation with an adult," story?
72bagz If the gaming industry did "covers" like the music industry did, what games would you like to see?
7ri3d6 Flight attendants and pilots, what NSFW things occur during your jobs?
60tvvm What are you sick and tired of having to explain to people?
5mnzu1 What will be the Millennial generation's "I had to walk 20 miles uphill both ways in the snow to school every day"?
6beqev Now that most of Europe is asleep, what are some compliments we can give them that they will see when they wake up?
5t9iz1 What was your most awkward "hahaha....oh wait you're serious" moment?
5wocpr Users of Reddit, what's the biggest "I'm a pirate" black flag?
5apfhl What is something you won't tell your friends or family, but you will tell Reddit?
71aqe6 What movie is unexpectedly brilliant?
75w3ul What's your most NSFW family moment?
6iugod People who are related to celebrities, how has their fame affected family gatherings and events?
6caz2o People of Reddit. What's your proudest fap?
6m6upe Couples with a very significant achievement gap, be it academic, professional, financial, intellectual, or any other you can think of that may fit, how do you live with each other without feeling like two aliens?
6u0suz If garlic keeps vampires away, and apples keep doctors away, what do other fruits and vegetables keep away?
5khsx4 What's the creepiest thing that happened on internet and is still available to see?
7ubs3f What has someone tried to convince you that "It's the same thing," when it absolutely was NOT the same thing?
65ikka Redditors who realized their spouse is a completely different person after marriage, were there any red flags that you ignored while dating? If so, what were they?
69kwgf What movie(s) have you watched 10+ times?
6yewmk Lawyers, has there ever been a time the opposing counsel accidentally proved your case for you and what happened?
7wxdm8 What is something people often brag about that really isn't that impressive?
7gp5wk What's your "I don't trust people who ______"?
61fmbp What social custom can just fuck right off?
68zbzf What are you sad to see become normal practice?
7svl6i What is something you hope to see in your lifetime?
6paa0l If Earth had a capital city, where would it be and why?
6qg226 What product has a better use than its intended function?
62syox reddit, what's your favorite "dead" YouTube channel?
6wm0yv What's the most useless invention that actually made somebody rich?
6pstwu Married people of Reddit: What is the harmless elephant in the room that won't affect your relationship but you never speak of?
70zixe What is your celebrity apocalypse dream team?
5l9pz9 People who lost their jobs by going off on a customer, what is your story?
6idfwe Married men of Reddit: what moment with your future wife made you think "Yup, I'm asking this girl to marry me."?
5jqyr7 What was the strangest punishment your parents gave you?
7iqtbi What’s the worst thing you unknowingly did as a child?
7m2u3d People who make $100,000+ a year, what do you do?
6815w5 What did you do during the reddit outage?
640zfn Introverts of Reddit, what sounds like a fun date to you?
7es84h In honor of Thanksgiving, who’s your most ridiculous, weird, or creepy relative?
6xdd6c What is the "if you can speak Norwegian stick a potato in your throat and you can speak Danish" of other languages?
7qkgxb What was your biggest "shit, my parents were right" moment?
7a3tfn What is the creepiest NSFW thing you have experienced?
75zsqb High rise and hotel window washers of Reddit, what's the weirdest thing you've spotted when descending to a room?
6du0vt What's the worst case of "thinking with your dick" in history?
5tzgpn R​​ed​​dit​​, Who d​​ese​​rve​​s the "​​Da​​mn​​, they r​​ea​​ll​​y were r​​ig​​ht​​" award?
74mgdu Which Pokemon would taste the best?
7nftpn Everyone talks about roomates from hell. What's your "roomate from heaven" story?
60fnvv Hey Reddit: Which "double-standard" irritates you the most?
61ttf5 People of Reddit who wake up every day and enjoy life, what's that like?
6k7zjc What's your favorite smell?
61llo4 What isn't as bad as you thought it would be?
75sa0e What's an example of a good character ruined by terrible casting?
5iqnkj At the end of a job interview they always ask "Would you like to ask any questions?" What question should the candidate ask?
7zhb7u What's a level 1 enemy in real life?
7fet3g Redditors who are clearly NOT the favorite child, how did that affect you?
5tek1p What is a great "poor person" hobby?
5kq1p8 What is surprisingly NOT scientifically proven?
7nmuqt What are some classic video games that you would recommend to someone who didn't game much as a kid?
6fyedk What is the most depressing truth that you've had to accept?
646xux What's the best question someone asked in sex-ed?
7ez0aq What is embarrassing to do alone but fun to do in groups?
5iua2w Calm people of reddit, How are you so calm?
7520jn Which game will you suggest to someone who has a less powerful computer?
5mea9h You now do the opposite of your job. What do you do now?
7x8us7 What are you sick of trying to explain to people?
5yfdiz What did a SO do that made you stop and realize "They're NOT the one"?
62cto2 What's the pettiest reason you won't date someone over?
73ry6i Men of reddit; what is the one thing you wish girls did in bed that they never do?
6ka69j What are some good co-op games to play with your SO?
7bc8xx What would the child version of you be most excited to hear about you now?
6tt9yh What instantly makes you suspicious of someone?
6p7kik What is the shittiest city you've visited only once and completely refuse to return?
6h7mzb What do people complain about that literally never happens?
7xfn4g What are some foods you thought you hated but turned out your parents sucked at cooking them?
5vikx9 What are "hidden gems" android apps?
6nvcv0 Travelers of Reddit, where do you NEVER want to go again?
7j6z3j Guys of Reddit, what instantly makes you lose respect for other men?
6mma2o Redditors who spend a lot of time in seclusion (at sea, in the air or out in the wilderness) what's the creepiest or most mysterious thing you've seen, found or experienced?
6xevts If every celebrity had a name like "Bill Nye the Science Guy," what would they be called?
78kc6b [Serious] Reddit, have you ever come across a post by someone else that was about you? What was it?
6kety7 What's a bad thing everyone should experience once? NSFW
73leh7 What are we NOT in the golden age of?
7tkjuv What is something you can do that feels instantly great?
61h4oo Besides Beats by Dr. Dre™ headphones, what overpriced normie-tier product do you cringe to see others use for your job or hobby?
6o973v Which profession hires the dumbest people?
6pvq89 What proverb or saying has never made sense to you?
7ja1xx What are some deeply unsettling facts?
6jbyu1 [Serious] People who have lived under Sharia law, what was it really like?
7xztxf Who is the worst person you've ever met?
7nt2bn Pilots, what is your least favorite airport?
5emfte What crappy tips would be in life's loading screens?
6lq820 What's the most terrifying thing you've seen in real life?
6yuqri Ok, Reddit, if we all suspended judgment for a sec, what do you want to brag about?
7x0nk4 [Serious] people who live in legal states, but don’t smoke, how has your life changed since the legalization of marijuana?
6gxu2v Redditors who remarried after a partner's death, if the partner were to come back, who would you choose and why?
5iez4x What has been your biggest "I have to get the fuck out of here as soon as possible" life moment?
7tmsyq What is the creepiest post on reddit?
5zbi3o What's the best luck you have ever had in your life?
6hmtat [Serious] OK redittors: What absolutely, 100%, undenyingly happened to you, but if you told anyone, it would get posted on r/quityourbullshit?
60csf1 Ex-cult members of Reddit, how were you introduced to the cult and how did you manage to escape?
6tjj3x What's your must watch documentary?
6bs96c What is slowly gaining popularity that most people don't know about yet?
7rz13e What is usual in Europe, but unusual in America?
5e0lco What picture, video or gif never fails to leave you in a fit of laughter?
7zkpxv Other than Hitler’s mustache, what style or fashion was completely ruined by negative association?
6cj0zr Introverts, how did you meet your girlfriend?
76b7nr Homeowners of Reddit: when you purchased your first home, what item did you not think about that ended being very useful to you?
5u9y0a What are the most useful mental math tricks?
6z9la7 What fact blows your mind everytime?
66vx40 Redditors who are not engineers, software developers, or porn stars, what do you do for a living?
6ee90r You've been sentenced to death (you totally did it), what are your last words?
7rqgmg What movie have you rewatched the most?
6wbpwc What's the "girls don't fart" of everything else?
7ckd6u What is something that instantly killed a crush that you had on someone?
72itfh How do you contribute to society besides having a job?
6aol64 What's the best binge worthy show that isn't depressing or morbidly violent?
63dcul Police officers/cops of reddit who solved "paranormal" cases/getting calls because of "paranormal disturbances", what actually happened?
661xwv What's the strangest date you've ever been on?
6bz2ej Blind gay people of Reddit, how did you know you were gay?
6flhky Redditors with less than a year left to live, what is on your bucket list and how can we help you?
7u8lj3 Girls, what are some signs that a guy is a beekeeper?
65ylpz What's the weirdest thing you've done while your brain was on autopilot?
6kz06c Divorce lawyers of Reddit, what's the worst way you've seen someone fuck over their spouse?
6lu1vx What is the smallest amount of power you've ever seen someone abuse?
7vf2ng What movie was so disturbing it left you feeling shook?
7ac8ct Mechanics of Reddit: What vehicles will you absolutely not buy/drive due to what you've seen at work?
6d53vz Ladies, what is the most obvious hint you've dropped that went unnoticed by a guy?
7j1ady What's the best/scariest/most interesting 'internet rabbithole' you have found?
7iueim How are you doing?
5wa1ft If someone says "Tell me a joke", what is the first joke you tell them?
6os0e1 What are reasons to live?
6i3wro Do you genuinely enjoy the rain, and, if so, why?
6ayxj8 Do you ever type a reply to a comment and get halfway through and are just like, "it's just not worth it?" When was the last time?
7fm8c2 You get to choose a skill at which you will be best at. But instead of you getting better, everyone else just gets worse. What skill do you choose?
6do218 What's something you saw coming miles away that a lot of people didn't?
7casor Girls, what isn't nearly as hot/attractive as many guys think?
6q4294 Hiring managers of Reddit, what's your favorite "They were perfect until we Googled them" story?
74fqt6 Gun owners of reddit: If semi automatic firearms were banned tomorrow and the government required you to turn them all in, what would it take to get you to comply? What would be a reason to why you wouldn't comply?
76cfyk What screams, "I'm medieval and insecure"?
6v1t91 What's the dumbest thing you've done while your brain is on autopilot?
6vihlp What should you not fuck with?
7qjuhs What is a minor thing that infuriates you when eating at a restaraunt?
77n6le Compulsive liars of reddit, what's the most heroic way you've sacrificed your own life to save someone else's?
7if4t6 Men of Reddit, what are some things women THINK we like, but couldn’t be more wrong about?
5zezar Teachers of Reddit, what's the funniest answer you've gotten from a student that technically wasn't wrong?
6jem3y Dads of Reddit... What's your best "don't tell your mother about this" moment?
6pn8o0 Cops of Reddit: A lot of people get jumpy and try to 'act normal' around law enforcement. How can you tell genuinely suspicious people from self-conscious idiots acting weird?
787geh You can “level up” 1 everyday ordinary skill, what do you choose?
7l9nkm What TV series introduced a character that made the show worse?
5li08g What's the most pathetic thing you've done because you were horny?
72ccgh What hobby screams rich people?
5od431 Zoo Workers of Reddit, which animal is the biggest jerk in your facility?
7du4tc What is the most interesting statistic?
6783w8 Gamers of Reddit, what was the most horrifying experience you've ever endured in a video game?
6v4lyk Native Americans/Indigenous Peoples of Reddit, what's it like to grow up on a Reservation in the USA?
6cfmpz What is the TLDR of your country's history?
6j7g18 What do you have an extremely strong opinion on that is ultimately unimportant?
66v1s7 When North Korea "falls" and the citizens are shown and told all aspects of modern civilization and culture, what do you think the biggest shock will be for them?
5yv4ap [Serious] People who have killed another person, accidently or on purpose, what happened?
6rm8td What was the most legendary time OP delivered?
5wuzna What is your to go question to kill awkward silence?
5u6vu4 Reddit, what is the most 'mind boggling' fact you know?
7kfva0 What’s the biggest double life you’ve ever personally seen revealed?
7bsspw What is some real shit that we all need to be aware of right now, but no one is talking about?
6wiqew What was a fact taught to you in school that has been disproven in your lifetime?
6938xq What fan theory do you 100% accept as true?
5fpob6 [Serious]Socially fluent people of Reddit, What are some mistakes you see socially awkward people making?
68sgew You awake one morning to find you have 10 skill points to assign to your life, no one ever told you about it, what skills do you increase?
6ov14l What is unlikely to happen, yet frighteningly plausible?
6f011c What are some biological life hacks that actually work?
6xz72a What is the most fucked up thing that society accepts as normal ?
66t2ni What is a scientific fact that you know is true, but it still blows your mind that it is real?
66du5q What t-shirt of yours gives you a lot of comments from others when you wear it?
5fb9n7 What are some awesome websites that not enough people know about?
79a07f What's your "I hated that person, but they didn't deserve THAT" story?
5g0ppc Liberals, what is your most conservative viewpoint? Conservatives, what is your most liberal viewpoint?
7qgayn Saints fans, what is the most expensive thing someone just broke at your house?
7pfc72 What are life’s toughest mini games?
71agv4 What's the fastest way you have seen somebody fuck their life up?
70gkke What is the best name you've seen for wifi?
7g29nx Whats a big industry secret that isn't supposed to be known by the general public?
64vs8k Expelled college students of Reddit, why are you expelled?
6r3iz3 What from 2017 would make people from 2007 say WTF?
5u2i4r What are some of the most pathetic things YouTubers have done for views?
71rr2t What are good games to play with SO for a couple hours maybe a night?
6ig6v9 Divorced men of reddit: what moment with your former wife made me think "Yup, I'm asking this girl to divorce me."?
74sskj What are some red flags in a job interview?
6z0x63 What topic instantly gets you started on an “old man rant”?
7daw2d What show never declined in quality?
5p3hhc Men of reddit, what NSFW male lifestyle hack can you share?
6x20mn Doctors of Reddit, what made you say "how are you still alive"?
7ha3dj People of reddit who married divorcees, at what point did you realise there might be a reason the other person divorced them?
7m0tgc How do you feel about legalizing euthansia for anybody who wants it?
5xmrl0 Lawyers of reddit, whats the most ridiculous argument you've heard in court?
6y1w9r If English surnames were created using today's professions (e.g. Smith, Taylor, Fisher) what would be some popular/interesting names?
6kslsc Uber and Lyft drivers, what's your most NSFW story?
6qw3n4 Which villain genuinely disturbed you?
71qcj7 Reddit, what video games are your currently playing that are worth checking out this weekend?
6fu822 What do a lot of parents do that screws up their kid?
6il1jx What's the coolest mathematical fact you know of?
6p4947 What is the creepiest missing person case you know about?
758vyr What is the worst thing you've ever seen happen at a wedding?
5vexe9 Coders of Reddit: What's an example of really shitty coding you know of in a product or service that the general public uses?
6awuz4 What really cool thing was killed by modern technology?
7m292b How do you think Walt Disney would feel about the Disney corporation if he were alive to see it today?
6uveev What's the most embarrassing thing you saw someone doing because they thought nobody was watching?
5ym3fv What Youtuber is worth days of binge-watching?
7nvn4b What is a dirty business tactic that you know and everyone should be aware of it?
7ggo45 What is the best cleaning tip you've ever received?
5qwwxo What are the best questions to ask to get to deeply know someone?
63l1w6 What's the most disturbing realisation you've come to?
7sxbxj What is the most terrifying wikipedia page to read?
6e9r9q Bartenders of reddit, what is the smoothest pick up line you've ever heard?
7gcyys Reddit, what's the worst gift you've ever received?
79utpg You buy a 50L backpack and you're confronted by the genie that lives inside it. He tells you he'll fill the bag with whatever item you wish and you can keep it, so long as you can carry it for one mile. What would you fill the bag with?
7glwn2 If Trump was obsessed with Reddit instead of Twitter, which subreddits would he be subscribed to?
747gzu What are some must have gadgets for less than $50?
7801bx Doctors of Reddit, what was your dumbest r/Iamverysmart patient experience?
7hy4fx What's the fastest way you've seen someone fuck up their life?
6ztp70 What made you realise there was something off about your friend's SO?
7407f0 which Sci-Fi movie gets your 10/10 rating?
5jomva What dinosaur would be the hardest to approach in the wild and jerk off?
7qc833 How do you feel in your 40s, 50s and older after you and your spouse decided to not have kids?
7ps1a8 What's your Home Owners Association horror story?
7y70f6 What are some common signs that a person is toxic?
6xsufj Parents of Reddit, what is the most expensive thing your child has accidentally ruined?
5mr2il (NSFW) What have you found out about someone that you would never tell them you know?
5c3qt3 What is a 100% legal move in a game or sport that is frowned upon and viewed as a dick move?
7h1von All right you freaks, what the most expensive thing you've ever licked?
6sjawn What's an organization that everyone thinks is respectful, but is really just scamming or spreading propaganda?
5hzurh What are the best 'mind fuck' films to watch?
6l75zj People not from the USA, what "American" food are you most interested in trying?
5tmxzh What w​​ebsit​​e is not very well k​​nown​​, but is i​​nsanel​​y helpful?
6syk1e If you were a dictator what is the pettiest thing that would be punishable by death?
6fdqu4 Gamers of Reddit, what game came out of nowhere and left it's mark on you unlike most any other, and why?
7dk8wb Historians of Reddit, what misconception about history drives you nuts?
6b98cf You have to raise a dinosaur and make sure nobody else finds out you have one. At the end of its lifespan, you get rewarded based on how much the dinosaur weighed. What dinosaur do you pick and how are you going to make it obese without anyone knowing?
5c0rn0 Reddit, what is a good movie for when you need to escape from reality and maybe cry a little?
618gk7 Multilinguals of Reddit, what is your "they didn't know I could understand their language" story?
6zetxa What social custom needs to be retired?
69dex7 What were the "facts" you learned in school, that are no longer true?
6fsb9j Teachers who quit, when was the moment you realized that it wasn't for you?
75xto0 What's the dumbest thing you've ever done solely because you were too awkward to do the normal thing?
6g7j87 What is the biggest adult temper tantrum that you've ever witnessed?
6i6vxr What first name is not used anymore?
5njfi2 What movie changes the plot if you add a random 'R' somewhere in the title?
7vwkqg Hey Reddit, what products are identical to a brand name, just with a different label?
5oadjx What good idea doesn't work because people are shitty?
7lt3xd What was your worst consensual sexual experience?
7lp5kj What sucks about being a dude?
7kslxz What are your computer tips and tricks that not everybody might know about?
5qgkp5 Teachers of Reddit: They say there are no stupid questions, but what's the most stupid question a student has ever asked you?
6dwykt What is something that was once considered to be a "legend" or "myth" that eventually turned out to be true?
5sld7v What was one of the largest mistakes in history?
78b6a9 What screams "I make terrible financial decisions!"?
6estdj What's your "picture you can't see without laughing"?
711ye8 What is the most NSFW thing you have witnessed at a party?
704jij What's something you didn't realize how bad it was until it finally happened to you?
5ren3t Amish people of reddit: what are you doing here?
68l83g (Serious) What secret could ruin your life?
6bjtjk What can A person learn/know right now in 10 minutes that will be useful for the rest of their life?
6kvcsz What company's motto would do terribly for another company?
6sksw4 What is the best thing to say to someone to subtly fuck with their head?
5i5csd What is your, "I know it sounds weird, but just try it" thing?
717o1a People who have time for studying, meeting your friends, sleeping enough, working out, what's your secret? What time-management tips can you give?
6sshd4 What "common knowledge" is simply not true?
67x5ix Metalheads of Reddit, what song would you show someone to prove that not all metal is insane noise and screaming?
7ds37c To all the redditors that post screen caps of their Facebook friends' posts to things like r/ihavesex or r/crazypeopleonfacebook, have you ever been caught by these people, and if so what happened?
6dzr7j [Serious]Redditors who are now married because you didn't know how to break up with your SO, how is that going for you?
5rssp6 All of the cereal box characters (Tucan Sam, Tony the Tiger, Lucky, etc.) enter into a colluseum. Only one exits alive. Reddit, who is the ultimate Cereal Killer?
5k8odk What's a dark piece of Reddit history that we like to forget that it ever happened?
7vu5pj What are some company secrets you can now reveal since you don’t work for the company anymore?
5bmivn What is a free pc game that everyone should get?
6utexq What's your "it's expensive but it's worth it" product?
7orcni What goes from great to awful if you add "almost" in front of it?
5o3w1y US residents of Reddit: How will the repeal of the Affordable Care Act affect you...positively or negatively?
6x5ycv What was ruined because it became popular?
6emsam What is an interesting website that nobody knows about?
5xzdss What are the 7 wonders of reddit?
6ymtkb What is the dumbest solution to a problem that actually worked?
72jsmc Scum of reddit, what small thing do you do to make society that little bit worse?
74yrsr What sub reddits have the best "top of all time" to binge?
7km3k2 What's the most illegal thing you could do with $1USD?
724hq2 Teachers of Reddit, what is something a student of yours has said that made you think 'wow, there is no hope left for you'?
66ged2 What is the quickest way you've seen someone fuck their life up?
7cy5s1 [serious] Is it okay to push your mom out of your life if it’s to protect your mental health and overall wellbeing? Why or why not?
7ajd45 Gamers of Reddit, what are good videogames to play with your non-gamer girlfriend?
7u0rr2 [Serious] What is the best unexplained mystery?
6f92k3 Lawyers of Reddit, what's the stupidest case you've been asked to take on (and did you)?
6c6f6v What dirty little secret does your profession hide that the consumer should know?
6qoe6s What is something you catch yourself accidentally doing that is generally annoying to other people?
7g81w8 What's a fucked up movie everybody should watch?
6achn5 What subculture do you genuinely not understand?
7mn3xx Redditors that check behind the shower curtains whenever you enter the bathroom, what's your plan if a killer is actually there?
7epunl What small habit, if done everyday over the course of a year, can lead to the biggest personal improvement/ gain?
78ennm You're at a party and find yourself stuck in a conversation with someone you don't especially want to talk to about something you'd really rather not be talking about. What's your best quick escape line or move?
6j0fr3 How do you deal with a person who is full of confidence but knows nothing (basically a stupid person)?
6dk2ap Humans have only explored 20 percent of the ocean, what do you think lurks in the other 80 percent ?
7ejcng Parents of reddit, what is the most absurd thing you have found on your kids social media?
5x9jwa What are some creepy verified pieces of found footage?
6x8xch What moment in video games made you go "fuck this"?
7vmv0p How do you picture a year in your mind?
7opdr5 People who preface questions here with “people of Reddit” or something similar: who else do you think is reading this?
7hcvoc People who have been online since the 90's, what mysteries from the early days of the internet are still unsolved?
6j3np5 What's your favorite piece of useless trivia?
5po55m What are signs that someone is secretly unhappy?
79h5dc You awaken, clothes smoking, in a ruined bunker in 1945 with a box containing a 2015-era laptop with Photoshop and Premiere Pro installed, a scanner, photo printer, analog-to-USB input converter and more than enough printer ink and card photo stock. How do you best start screwing with history?
7oj2o3 (NSFW) What have you found out about someone that you would never tell them you know?
72zvw1 What's the worst thing Neil Armstrong could have said while stepping on the Moon for the first time?
5q9ppf Autistic people of Reddit, what is autism really like?
5kg950 People who decided to stop using straws, what was the final straw?
7ddjaw What's the weirdest thing you've done as a result of social anxiety?
6ga6rm Cops of reddit, what has so far been the creepiest call you've ever had to respond to and what happened?
7eh3bh What is the worst advice you've ever received in your life?
5z7jmc How would the world be different if a vagina whistled like a teapot when aroused?
7qv45t What is the scariest, most terrifying thing that actually exists?
7cmmaz What was your “Ohh, so that’s what it was for” moment that took you too long to find out?
7h6rur Men of Reddit, what creepy things have women done to you?
6wqihh What's the most ridiculous rule in your place of work?
790386 What is the most interesting thing you've found in the JFK files? [Serious]
7p4pp3 What's the biggest fuck up you ever made that was fixed before anyone knew about it?
7r12sv What’s the worst case of bad parenting you’ve ever witnessed?
7wrbns Cops and other law enforcement people of Reddit, what were some cases you worked on that made you think (even if for a moment) that something supernatural/paranormal was going on?
6vy17t What was hugely hyped up but flopped?
6s4skx What human achievement do you want to see during your lifetime?
65q9xn Reddit, what is the worst secret your SO is keeping from you, but that you actually know?
5pw8qq People who live where the air hurts their faces, why do you live where the air hurts your face?
6hyznq What is something your parents said to you that may have not been a big deal, but they will never know how much it affected you?
5auv3g [Breaking News] Holy Cow! The Chicago Cubs just won the World series! ⚾
70q5f2 Reddit, what are the most useful askreddit posts?
6o0c5u What little thing would you make illegal just because it pisses you off?
6rk5ne When an employer asks 'What is your biggest weakness', what are some good responses?
7zepcu What "I know it sounds weird, but just try it" thing do you swear by?
6n73th What are some great subreddits whose names cannot be found by searching their subject matter, making them hard to find on search?
6831ol What are subtle red flags at a job interview that say, "Working here would suck"?
6r5mix What screams "I'm educated, but not very smart?"
7yaiw6 What is the dumbest thing you’ve ever done for absolutely no reason?
7srvxb What was a meal you loved as a kid but now that you’re an adult you realize your parents only made because you were poor?
7i6iz1 What do you proudly do "wrong?"
7fqsdz What was your school's 'incident'?
6p0s2d What's your best non-swearing insult?
7w43k9 [Serious] Depressed people of Reddit - how are you doing today?
5ipinn You and a super intelligent snail both get 1 million dollars, and you both become immortal, however you die if the snail touches you. It always knows where you are and slowly crawls toward you. What's your plan?
6h66de What's a joke that's so stupid it's funny?
6na5du What X-Rated history facts don't they teach you in school?
5s70ly Chefs of reddit, what's your number one useful cooking tip?
6scq83 What is your favorite app?
6k0mcw Waiters of reddit, what fucked up shit have you overheard while waiting tables?
5zj69v In honor of the Ides of March, what was a time you were stabbed in the back by your closest friends?
7otc1p What's the one Reddit Post that you will never forget?
77sq2o What's a joke so stupid that's it's funny?
76xpa3 Reddit, what's your top "Holy shit, that worked?" moment?
7pny5m Formerly lazy people, what things did you do to overcome your laziness?
5q303f What would the Earth taste like if we shrunk it to the size of a grape and ate it as a whole?
7dljcy [Serious] What can the Average Joe do to save Net Neutrality?
76pi61 People of reddit who work the day shift at non-haunted businesses and don't spend all your time in the woods, what's the creepiest thing you've experienced?
5t3rk4 People who are Google Search geniuses, what is your pro tip for finding stuff that no one else seems to find?
5secgd The Make-A-Curse Foundation grants evil services short of murder for terminally ill adults. What last act of revenge would you request for your enemy?
7muly2 What was the worst "why the f*** did I say that" moment?
7g44fb Travelers of Reddit, what place DID live up to the hype?
6d1aky Reddit, what does everyone need to calm the f*ck down about?
73e8s1 [Serious] People who check University Applications. What do students tend to ignore/put in, that would otherwise increase their chances of acceptance?
7x2sbj If historical figures actually did roll in their graves, which grave would generate the most power if hooked up to a generator?
5y7mnl Teachers of Reddit, whats the difference between 1997, 2007, and 2017 students?
66nkym [Serious] What are some of the creepiest declassified documents made available to the public?
6l2sik What products prey on stupid people?
7n7bpu Deaf people of Reddit, If you were born deaf and have never heard the English language, is your inner monologue in sign language? If not, what is it?
5lfl9l What did the most drunk person say or do last night at your party?
7lnw5g What does 1 HP of damage in real life?
7v7kbd People who have lost a single shoe on the side of the interstate, how did that happen?
7ui180 Americans who visited Europe, what was your biggest WTF moment?
7mcyft What's a sensation that you're unsure if other people experience?
7n1k8n Guys who eat ass, why?
6gmrji [Serious] People who have accidentally caused the death of another person, what happened?
73ak9d What would you do if Barack Obama knocked on your door with a suitcase and said he was going to stay with you for a few weeks?
7f3582 If you woke up to find you were still 14 years old, and you had just been dreaming of what adult life might be like, how would you react?
65tesl You rub a can of cheap beer and a small, pudgy spirit in a stained undershirt emerges. He is the Shitty Genie, and he'll grant you any wish as long as it's kind of shitty and won't substantially change the course of your life. What do you wish for?
6w5ozm What makes absolutely 0% sense to you?
6isl6x What is socially accepted when you are beautiful but not accepted when you are ugly?
7xqg0q What's the quickest you've "Noped" out of a job?
6cluoj Redditors who have been on a reality tv show such as Hardcore Pawn or Pimp my ride or Pawn stars how FAKE was it?
72r8mx What is absolutely hilarious as long as it's not happening to you?
7wtyaw How would you feel if a grocery store was legally required to donate all of the food that it couldn’t sell to the food bank?
6klt5o You are on a first date. You can choose one person alive that comes up to you and fist bumps then walks away like it's normal. Who do you choose and does it help your chances of getting lucky?
6rcx2u If you could quit your job and pursue your hobby full-time with financial security, what hobby would you pursue?
7imtu7 In 2016 our favorite celebrities died. In 2017 many turned out to be creeps. In 2018 what will they do?
70n5b2 How would you feel about a law that requires anyone under the age of 25 to pass a specialized test in order to have children?
5k5uo3 Why are you on Reddit right now instead of spending time with your family?
6m09lk Hey Reddit. What's the best "bored-at-work" browser game?
6v9uy8 What's a deeply unsettling fact?
6hl62g You're given immortality but as a cost you are sent back 3000 years - would you accept and what would you do?
2np694 What tasty food would be distusting if eaten over rice?
7nabyg People who grew up middle/upper class, what did you not believe about low income households but it was actually true?
64ndvj You, the CEO of Comcast, are jealous that United Airlines has overtaken you as the most hated company on reddit. How do you get back on top?
6f6l8s What do you SWEAR you saw, but don't have any proof of?
5hnxux Girls, when the guys aren't around, what are your true thoughts on Pascal's principles of hydrostatics?
6portr If every rapper became farmers who would have the freshest beets?
5xgf2m Have you ever (correctly) had a gut-feeling to dislike someone who, on the surface, was a cool person that everybody else liked? What's that story?
64qx7m [Serious]South Koreans of Reddit, how did they teach you about the existence of North Korea in School when you were young?
7tfnk5 What were some of the worst experiences you have had while working in the fast food industry?
6yggcg What's the best advice you've ever received for making a sandwich better?
7sml19 What is extremely rare but people think it’s very common?
7si0aq [Serious] People who were in prison during 9/11, what was that like?
7wohjx Fellow Americans, How would you feel about eliminating tipping in exchange for providing a livable wage for the service industry?
7p7wo1 What skills can a poor 19 y/o learn to help make an income and get further in life?
7oz9mt What are some red flags for teachers that scream "drop this class immediately?"
76r87v What's a secret you won't share with anyone in person, but you are willing to share anonymously?
69r98j Escape The Room Employees, what is the weirdest thing you've seen someone do in one of the rooms?
6m78jh People who stand up immediately after the plane lands even though you are 30 rows deep, why?
7hq4ua What terms, like "rewind", are still used every day even though they've lost their core relevance?
7s36ub What conspiracy theory do you 100% buy into and why?
7yvhmi What is the most interesting documentary you've ever watched?
76i733 The JFK Records Act of 1992 states that all government documents related to the Kennedy assassination be declassified on October 26, 2017. What would be the most surprising thing to find out?
6zm3uo With the adage "nothing is ever deleted from the Internet" in mind, what is something you HAVE seen vanish from the net?
7t1dff Your options are: 50 hawks, 10 crocodiles, 3 brown bears, 15 wolves, 1 hunter, 7 cape buffalo, 10,000 rats, 5 gorillas and 4 lions - you must pick 2 that will defend you while the rest are coming to kill you. Which do you pick and why?
75koqp Besides attacking McDonalds employees for sauce packets, whats the worst fan-boy meltdown you've seen in public?
6jreum What is your favorite thing in your 'SAVED' section?
7rmd0j What are some good weird questions to ask someone to get to know them better?
7e0ttg Multilingual Redditors, What is your "They didn't realize I spoke their language" story?
7xu99y Hawaii wants to create a law that will ban games with loot boxes to people under 21 years old. What do you think about that?
7qf7ov People who made an impulse decision when they found out Hawaii was going to be nuked, what did you do and do you regret it?
7e8r3x What is unethical as fuck, but is extremely common practice in the business world?
73nd39 You wake up in Kim Jong Un's body. You can speak and understand Korean. Without getting assassinated by your commanders, how do you transition North Korea and its people from an Orwellian state of despair to a prosperous nation so you can then ride your fame to launch your career in music?
5z4b1u What's a short, clean joke that gets a laugh every time?
7kkorz What’s a "Let that sink in" fun fact?
6mdrze What is a dirty business tactic that you know and everyone should be aware of it?
7i0s1o What's the fastest way you've seen someone improve their life?
6o7zay If your employer gave you the option to work 10 hr days Mon-Thurs instead of 8 hr days Mon-Fri would you do it? Why not why not?
7bl4aq If you killed yourself one year ago what great things would you not've experienced?
7cv2f0 What's a 10/10 album from the last 15 years by a relatively obscure artist/band?
5bzjgp [Breaking News] Donald Trump will be the 45th President of the United States
7fy3nf People who make passive-aggressive posts on /r/Askreddit that accomplish nothing, why do you do this?
6o5gsc What YouTube channel is great to binge?
6le8li What's your most unbelievable "pics or it didn't happen" moment, whereby you actually have the pics to prove it happened?
6nod61 Redditors who have eaten at the Times Square Olive Garden, why?
6t1ntr What will be the "turns out cigarettes are bad for us" of our generation?
6up8z6 If you suddenly came into the possession of 20 tons of Nutella what would you do?
